repetirá	Third person Singular
sanaban	Third person Plural
usasen	Third person Plural
incorporaban	Third person Plural
incorporaran	Third person Plural
amonestó	Third person Singular
silenció	Third person Singular
explosionases	Second person Singular
navegaban	Third person Plural
suplir	None
preparé	First person Singular
empacho	First person Singular
oscilará	Third person Singular
defenderé	First person Singular
agotarían	Third person Plural
pretendes	Second person Singular
normas	Second person Singular
acordará	Third person Singular
insertas	Second person Singular
formulará	Third person Singular
retractéis	Second person Plural
empalagares	Second person Singular
dudaban	Third person Plural
cosechará	Third person Singular
invitadas	None
narcotizado	None
departiendo	None
robotizadas	None
asaeteado	None
curaran	Third person Plural
entran	Third person Plural
filtres	Second person Singular
santificó	Third person Singular
reincidida	None
pugno	First person Singular
augurados	None
incorporarían	Third person Plural
atrevieran	Third person Plural
remarían	Third person Plural
supusieron	Third person Plural
ranco	First person Singular
desarropes	Second person Singular
concedieres	Second person Singular
satirizados	None
sancochadas	None
trascribiríais	Second person Plural
hiles	Second person Singular
pugnaseis	Second person Plural
proporcionará	Third person Singular
delimitaban	Third person Plural
boicoteando	None
casaré	First person Singular
aturulladas	None
excusar	None
saldremos	First person Plural
condecoraron	Third person Plural
boicotead	Second person Plural
bruñido	None
revalidó	Third person Singular
respirar	None
elaborados	None
vislumbran	Third person Plural
esquivaron	Third person Plural
pisotean	Third person Plural
minas	Second person Singular
proclamaran	Third person Plural
desdeñaron	Third person Plural
amalgamados	None
peligrarán	Third person Plural
derruyeron	Third person Plural
rebuznar	None
atribuyen	Third person Plural
castraren	Third person Plural
llegué	First person Singular
retiraron	Third person Plural
intercambian	Third person Plural
atrajo	Third person Singular
mereces	Second person Singular
combatáis	Second person Plural
fulminado	None
rastreado	None
amamantan	Third person Plural
mercadeo	First person Singular
desgajaron	Third person Plural
acusará	Third person Singular
alegando	None
encargó	Third person Singular
zumbadas	None
contaran	Third person Plural
extrañes	Second person Singular
arropes	Second person Singular
instrumento	First person Singular
varían	Third person Plural
alineados	None
cenar	None
abundaréis	Second person Plural
asturianizados	None
canonizó	Third person Singular
declinadas	None
injertados	None
ornamentada	None
egresarán	Third person Plural
descontrolado	None
destrozan	Third person Plural
apelarían	Third person Plural
plantó	Third person Singular
transportarán	Third person Plural
enviaremos	First person Plural
desforzando	None
convino	Third person Singular
salvé	First person Singular
elegidas	None
arruada	None
publiques	Second person Singular
remito	First person Singular
desabastecieren	Third person Plural
constelando	None
paladeaseis	Second person Plural
revirtiendo	None
aislaron	Third person Plural
gastada	None
contoneado	None
reelaboró	Third person Singular
amparados	None
irritados	None
azucarada	None
abundaban	Third person Plural
homenajeada	None
ofertaseis	Second person Plural
catalogaban	Third person Plural
desaconsejada	None
tendiéndose	None
mintiendo	None
poblaran	Third person Plural
peticionó	Third person Singular
conectas	Second person Singular
bajó	Third person Singular
alojadas	None
jodas	Second person Singular
reencarnan	Third person Plural
desenmascaran	Third person Plural
dirigí	First person Singular
improvisaban	Third person Plural
movilizaban	Third person Plural
insisto	First person Singular
opondrían	Third person Plural
desposeer	None
consumirán	Third person Plural
sabrá	Third person Singular
amedrentó	Third person Singular
ahecháis	Second person Plural
trabajan	Third person Plural
apisonáis	Second person Plural
masculinizada	None
blofeaseis	Second person Plural
masturbando	None
recobró	Third person Singular
baldares	Second person Singular
valoraban	Third person Plural
condimentado	None
dotó	Third person Singular
levitas	Second person Singular
jaques	Second person Singular
reforestado	None
trenzando	None
continúes	Second person Singular
amenizáramos	First person Plural
canturreasteis	Second person Plural
detallarán	Third person Plural
saben	Third person Plural
reflejo	First person Singular
actuaran	Third person Plural
fusionaban	Third person Plural
pivotes	Second person Singular
desbordada	None
independizaran	Third person Plural
desgraciases	Second person Singular
fico	First person Singular
organizó	Third person Singular
curioseando	None
habitarían	Third person Plural
cobres	Second person Singular
equivocarais	Second person Plural
tripulando	None
desmadrásemos	First person Plural
personalizó	Third person Singular
unieron	Third person Plural
estafada	None
defenderían	Third person Plural
brindados	None
codeó	Third person Singular
segmentáramos	First person Plural
acechado	None
desmelenabas	Second person Singular
fecundadas	None
subsumida	None
aposentada	None
alojará	Third person Singular
derrocan	Third person Plural
pervertidos	None
iniciaban	Third person Plural
acostumbrará	Third person Singular
pescada	None
alojaron	Third person Plural
perjudicaron	Third person Plural
valían	Third person Plural
trascendido	None
propicias	Second person Singular
vivificáramos	First person Plural
tributo	First person Singular
describes	Second person Singular
detectaron	Third person Plural
tincaran	Third person Plural
blasonar	None
recalquéis	Second person Plural
arribaban	Third person Plural
galopes	Second person Singular
sobresalen	Third person Plural
estudié	First person Singular
flotando	None
acercaran	Third person Plural
estar	None
transformaron	Third person Plural
entraste	Second person Singular
accederán	Third person Plural
cardo	First person Singular
atribuyes	Second person Singular
amenazó	Third person Singular
cobijaron	Third person Plural
domo	First person Singular
colapsaran	Third person Plural
comentaron	Third person Plural
bebían	Third person Plural
ronces	Second person Singular
esmaltabais	Second person Plural
aguardar	None
permitirían	Third person Plural
añadían	Third person Plural
inauguró	Third person Singular
reestrenó	Third person Singular
idas	None
citaron	Third person Plural
reflotaron	Third person Plural
cambiarás	Second person Singular
nevando	None
tranques	Second person Singular
triunfado	None
estacas	Second person Singular
alisando	None
molían	Third person Plural
ayudáremos	First person Plural
existiesen	Third person Plural
declamaron	Third person Plural
sintieren	Third person Plural
interrumpió	Third person Singular
vararon	Third person Plural
recitan	Third person Plural
encolerizados	None
contrarió	Third person Singular
construyeron	Third person Plural
recurren	Third person Plural
ribeteada	None
aprestó	Third person Singular
zanganeases	Second person Singular
entenderíamos	First person Plural
pronosticando	None
reembolsaban	Third person Plural
distanciaron	Third person Plural
autenticas	Second person Singular
pilotan	Third person Plural
deprimidas	None
depositaran	Third person Plural
afinó	Third person Singular
intimidaron	Third person Plural
acanalaréis	Second person Plural
trasmigráis	Second person Plural
quitó	Third person Singular
afligen	Third person Plural
pensaste	Second person Singular
capoló	Third person Singular
susurrado	None
insumió	Third person Singular
exportaban	Third person Plural
acosó	Third person Singular
diseñan	Third person Plural
hermanado	None
desordenar	None
calificas	Second person Singular
recapturó	Third person Singular
impugnó	Third person Singular
responderán	Third person Plural
anotaran	Third person Plural
gastará	Third person Singular
visitaremos	First person Plural
reinstalásemos	First person Plural
compensan	Third person Plural
perdono	First person Singular
sobrecargadas	None
escudriñaríais	Second person Plural
visitasen	Third person Plural
fingir	None
batearon	Third person Plural
recuerdes	Second person Singular
anilladas	None
juntarías	Second person Singular
desahuciarás	Second person Singular
unirían	Third person Plural
estimulado	None
patearéis	Second person Plural
tintado	None
catalanizando	None
arrimo	First person Singular
personificaban	Third person Plural
cobraran	Third person Plural
enfrentarán	Third person Plural
liquenizadas	None
incluirá	Third person Singular
vibró	Third person Singular
predicaban	Third person Plural
asistir	None
cultivaron	Third person Plural
quitarán	Third person Plural
continuadas	None
refacturando	None
corroboro	First person Singular
concluir	None
dietada	None
reencuentro	First person Singular
obtendrían	Third person Plural
vapuleada	None
traumatizo	First person Singular
mirada	None
juzgas	Second person Singular
oiré	First person Singular
condicionado	None
desesperado	None
anegada	None
protegiendo	None
aciduladas	None
jimé	First person Singular
prefijéis	Second person Plural
seguirán	Third person Plural
opone	Third person Singular
telefoneó	Third person Singular
revoloteado	None
retransmitieron	Third person Plural
entendéis	Second person Plural
dialogues	Second person Singular
compensaban	Third person Plural
restablecidos	None
descabalgáramos	First person Plural
estirasen	Third person Plural
coartar	None
relegó	Third person Singular
encomiendan	Third person Plural
surtían	Third person Plural
escodaríamos	First person Plural
lograremos	First person Plural
apresan	Third person Plural
desembarcará	Third person Singular
adosan	Third person Plural
arriado	None
espiro	First person Singular
lavando	None
endurecidas	None
granizo	First person Singular
absténgase	Third person Singular
fortaleció	Third person Singular
montado	None
contribuyeron	Third person Plural
propondrán	Third person Plural
miraron	Third person Plural
empezaré	First person Singular
predominada	None
curro	First person Singular
emergerían	Third person Plural
falsificaron	Third person Plural
deducían	Third person Plural
tapizado	None
prohibieran	Third person Plural
acortas	Second person Singular
compusieran	Third person Plural
afilados	None
comenzó	Third person Singular
desmenuzadas	None
trasplantes	Second person Singular
alimentasen	Third person Plural
mostraban	Third person Plural
calumnian	Third person Plural
canjeas	Second person Singular
obtienes	Second person Singular
divagados	None
declinaron	Third person Plural
encastrados	None
redensificaremos	First person Plural
atemperaríais	Second person Plural
extenuada	None
atraviesan	Third person Plural
repartidas	None
ruedan	Third person Plural
planté	First person Singular
empapan	Third person Plural
tusas	Second person Singular
extinguidos	None
mean	Third person Plural
uniformado	None
andes	Second person Singular
diezmó	Third person Singular
suspended	Second person Plural
inundaran	Third person Plural
cebó	Third person Singular
descalificar	None
dispensaríamos	First person Plural
arrebatar	None
capitaneó	Third person Singular
freídos	None
flameó	Third person Singular
votarían	Third person Plural
estuvimos	First person Plural
documentó	Third person Singular
relocalizadas	None
brindaran	Third person Plural
apresuran	Third person Plural
arrecíamos	First person Plural
compartimento	First person Singular
unificó	Third person Singular
trivializar	None
mimí	First person Singular
adaguabais	Second person Plural
anidó	Third person Singular
solucionan	Third person Plural
escaseando	None
rugió	Third person Singular
seduciendo	None
sanabais	Second person Plural
evadió	Third person Singular
visito	First person Singular
perdonarán	Third person Plural
desplumó	Third person Singular
mayo	First person Singular
intercambiada	None
veranear	None
reaccionarán	Third person Plural
desafiaran	Third person Plural
sobrestimadas	None
redecorado	None
mediar	None
harías	Second person Singular
estampes	Second person Singular
llamábamos	First person Plural
tutelo	First person Singular
entintaras	Second person Singular
activará	Third person Singular
elogiaban	Third person Plural
chispado	None
decebáis	Second person Plural
desencabestrar	None
navegaron	Third person Plural
hacinaban	Third person Plural
negar	None
carburizaren	Third person Plural
asesinó	Third person Singular
explotaran	Third person Plural
sabríamos	First person Plural
enclaustrados	None
fechado	None
macerando	None
zambullidas	None
bloqueé	First person Singular
implanto	First person Singular
disparas	Second person Singular
suicidará	Third person Singular
trasladarías	Second person Singular
varadas	None
escatimaron	Third person Plural
planteaste	Second person Singular
aportada	None
sobornaríais	Second person Plural
convertirá	Third person Singular
nacionalizarán	Third person Plural
apoderó	Third person Singular
colisionan	Third person Plural
perteneciesen	Third person Plural
desanimaron	Third person Plural
desatendidas	None
fracasan	Third person Plural
traían	Third person Plural
obtendríamos	First person Plural
desordenásemos	First person Plural
clarificado	None
alunizaron	Third person Plural
cafichearais	Second person Plural
popularizó	Third person Singular
diverjas	Second person Singular
puestas	None
marqué	First person Singular
archivadas	None
navegas	Second person Singular
solidificaseis	Second person Plural
descartes	Second person Singular
canalizó	Third person Singular
ligues	Second person Singular
repentizados	None
aceitando	None
mordido	None
coexistieran	Third person Plural
felicité	First person Singular
sumé	First person Singular
fíes	Second person Singular
confinaron	Third person Plural
dañar	None
añado	First person Singular
reabren	Third person Plural
mostraré	First person Singular
derogaren	Third person Plural
implantan	Third person Plural
melgados	None
peyeron	Third person Plural
rezumar	None
empeoran	Third person Plural
justificarían	Third person Plural
armonizada	None
cortejo	First person Singular
sorprenden	Third person Plural
atareada	None
mateo	First person Singular
entremezclan	Third person Plural
perteneceré	First person Singular
besaran	Third person Plural
columpiada	None
confortado	None
capturas	Second person Singular
palear	None
instada	None
pertenecer	None
conmovidos	None
descueces	Second person Singular
cedí	First person Singular
forzarían	Third person Plural
faltaban	Third person Plural
agitaron	Third person Plural
prepararan	Third person Plural
peinaban	Third person Plural
permeabas	Second person Singular
nacían	Third person Plural
declararan	Third person Plural
eslabonado	None
valieron	Third person Plural
equilibrados	None
miden	Third person Plural
intrincando	None
superpuesto	None
encabezaron	Third person Plural
signados	None
juró	Third person Singular
reclamarán	Third person Plural
generaron	Third person Plural
torturadas	None
depone	Third person Singular
destocadas	None
aguas	Second person Singular
levitan	Third person Plural
escondes	Second person Singular
arrestaron	Third person Plural
dominan	Third person Plural
estorbaban	Third person Plural
añadirá	Third person Singular
dedujo	Third person Singular
renté	First person Singular
tomaremos	First person Plural
licencio	First person Singular
catapultan	Third person Plural
fraccionaron	Third person Plural
activadas	None
chateando	None
girarán	Third person Plural
subsanaron	Third person Plural
hallan	Third person Plural
uncirías	Second person Singular
beco	First person Singular
alejó	Third person Singular
mermaban	Third person Plural
humectados	None
domada	None
viabilizado	None
meto	First person Singular
violadas	None
revalorizar	None
hollar	None
demolió	Third person Singular
pronosticaban	Third person Plural
remarques	Second person Singular
degustan	Third person Plural
resoplad	Second person Plural
obstruyeron	Third person Plural
inoculan	Third person Plural
batallaron	Third person Plural
retornan	Third person Plural
recluyeron	Third person Plural
vallad	Second person Plural
evitarás	Second person Singular
volví	First person Singular
rehogar	None
reprimen	Third person Plural
interfirió	Third person Singular
coaligaron	Third person Plural
distarán	Third person Plural
convertían	Third person Plural
perecida	None
adoro	First person Singular
bojo	First person Singular
comedid	Second person Plural
acetificaseis	Second person Plural
confirman	Third person Plural
enriqueció	Third person Singular
presienten	Third person Plural
hundido	None
sierras	Second person Singular
purgando	None
saturaré	First person Singular
describirían	Third person Plural
acomodar	None
desconsuelo	First person Singular
revuelques	Second person Singular
discrepó	Third person Singular
inventes	Second person Singular
sopladas	None
estarías	Second person Singular
nalguear	None
labrando	None
descansará	Third person Singular
conjuntaren	Third person Plural
atentaban	Third person Plural
involucionan	Third person Plural
aventurabais	Second person Plural
sofoco	First person Singular
desconocer	None
alargaron	Third person Plural
desbloqueará	Third person Singular
eclipsan	Third person Plural
drogas	Second person Singular
profetizaréis	Second person Plural
enumerado	None
colonizaran	Third person Plural
atranquéis	Second person Plural
jaspeados	None
traducid	Second person Plural
ornamentan	Third person Plural
clonado	None
salvasen	Third person Plural
acogían	Third person Plural
permanecieron	Third person Plural
realizadas	None
exaltaríais	Second person Plural
educar	None
agobio	First person Singular
encomiendo	First person Singular
pensaré	First person Singular
cazaron	Third person Plural
altero	First person Singular
capturo	First person Singular
troleares	Second person Singular
noveles	Second person Singular
supuse	First person Singular
flexibilizó	Third person Singular
salían	Third person Plural
piras	Second person Singular
pervierto	First person Singular
pronunciadas	None
manteo	First person Singular
cuestionará	Third person Singular
roen	Third person Plural
guerreó	Third person Singular
guindará	Third person Singular
retractaron	Third person Plural
reconsideraran	Third person Plural
victimas	Second person Singular
retuercen	Third person Plural
trasplantar	None
recalificadas	None
cosechan	Third person Plural
protestados	None
descuajes	Second person Singular
empleas	Second person Singular
menudearon	Third person Plural
amanecieron	Third person Plural
infectan	Third person Plural
meten	Third person Plural
garapiñar	None
diversificar	None
habíais	Second person Plural
arribó	Third person Singular
contrabandear	None
subdividido	None
desobedecieron	Third person Plural
cataran	Third person Plural
subvertido	None
festejaban	Third person Plural
tejar	None
reutilizando	None
imponiendo	None
introducen	Third person Plural
destino	First person Singular
internalizáremos	First person Plural
engomar	None
marchitas	Second person Singular
aprenderían	Third person Plural
cuestioné	First person Singular
marchitado	None
labran	Third person Plural
respondieran	Third person Plural
salpicadas	None
descarbonatando	None
detengas	Second person Singular
poncharais	Second person Plural
reeligió	Third person Singular
huyeron	Third person Plural
encuadres	Second person Singular
echabas	Second person Singular
ayudáis	Second person Plural
zanjada	None
visualizará	Third person Singular
hervías	Second person Singular
retardadas	None
sellaron	Third person Plural
arreglaré	First person Singular
deducirías	Second person Singular
quejas	Second person Singular
identifican	Third person Plural
omitió	Third person Singular
silabas	Second person Singular
ruborizado	None
compartió	Third person Singular
calmaran	Third person Plural
detallan	Third person Plural
derivó	Third person Singular
crepitáremos	First person Plural
notifico	First person Singular
crecidos	None
rasurado	None
simbolizabas	Second person Singular
sujetaban	Third person Plural
segrego	First person Singular
envuelvo	First person Singular
perdonaran	Third person Plural
organizarían	Third person Plural
demolidos	None
sobreentendidos	None
desparpajado	None
almendró	Third person Singular
redirigirá	Third person Singular
discurrieron	Third person Plural
adjuntó	Third person Singular
suprimiendo	None
corrigió	Third person Singular
hablaran	Third person Plural
besó	Third person Singular
pretextado	None
dañó	Third person Singular
replicó	Third person Singular
cucharearen	Third person Plural
verificados	None
cegó	Third person Singular
penden	Third person Plural
fraternizada	None
raí	First person Singular
llamados	None
secuencias	Second person Singular
prestes	Second person Singular
enfadabas	Second person Singular
miso	First person Singular
aglomerados	None
desplumásemos	First person Plural
acentúa	Third person Singular
arrastrarían	Third person Plural
entregaran	Third person Plural
zabullidas	None
reforzarán	Third person Plural
podrán	Third person Plural
cobras	Second person Singular
categoricé	First person Singular
luchado	None
repeliendo	None
herirá	Third person Singular
siendo	None
redescubrió	Third person Singular
archivarán	Third person Plural
hielo	First person Singular
punas	Second person Singular
pulverizan	Third person Plural
equipaban	Third person Plural
descubras	Second person Singular
idolatran	Third person Plural
simpatizaron	Third person Plural
convertidos	None
equiparando	None
adivinaban	Third person Plural
desagradó	Third person Singular
paladees	Second person Singular
domeño	First person Singular
alegro	First person Singular
cablearas	Second person Singular
indiqué	First person Singular
banques	Second person Singular
susurro	First person Singular
gasificada	None
retractó	Third person Singular
apreciará	Third person Singular
colaborasen	Third person Plural
encarcelaron	Third person Plural
albergaron	Third person Plural
fluyen	Third person Plural
lleváis	Second person Plural
cartografiado	None
aumentaran	Third person Plural
controvirtiendo	None
asemejaban	Third person Plural
lastimaron	Third person Plural
descreído	None
postergo	First person Singular
sopesaban	Third person Plural
aceras	Second person Singular
modernizadas	None
conocieran	Third person Plural
podíamos	First person Plural
retirará	Third person Singular
recobrarais	Second person Plural
parceló	Third person Singular
sublimar	None
desdobló	Third person Singular
destapan	Third person Plural
barbaras	Second person Singular
injertadas	None
castigan	Third person Plural
rotar	None
escurrieran	Third person Plural
dibujo	First person Singular
reacciono	First person Singular
delatasen	Third person Plural
excitadas	None
enterradas	None
derrotas	Second person Singular
minimalizarían	Third person Plural
sortean	Third person Plural
cotizaban	Third person Plural
listo	First person Singular
cicatrizas	Second person Singular
imprimieron	Third person Plural
investigo	First person Singular
clareando	None
aborrecida	None
redujesen	Third person Plural
aplacar	None
agotadas	None
amedrentasen	Third person Plural
cacheteados	None
revestidos	None
listado	None
desprestigiada	None
negociará	Third person Singular
debiste	Second person Singular
desprendían	Third person Plural
engañes	Second person Singular
reglamentaron	Third person Plural
alimentarían	Third person Plural
redecoró	Third person Singular
reúnen	Third person Plural
identificas	Second person Singular
enredados	None
regularizar	None
crecerían	Third person Plural
convertir	None
agasajada	None
compilaban	Third person Plural
rebelaron	Third person Plural
saludan	Third person Plural
currarías	Second person Singular
envías	Second person Singular
embarazó	Third person Singular
ladrar	None
gatilláramos	First person Plural
barriendo	None
blanquearon	Third person Plural
inmovilizado	None
acaparaban	Third person Plural
curvareis	Second person Plural
resistirían	Third person Plural
desenfundó	Third person Singular
especificando	None
navegáramos	First person Plural
negocio	First person Singular
cortaran	Third person Plural
escanean	Third person Plural
envainada	None
derribará	Third person Singular
garapiñó	Third person Singular
frangiríamos	First person Plural
coimean	Third person Plural
legalizan	Third person Plural
descodificando	None
ubicaran	Third person Plural
regalará	Third person Singular
colgadas	None
pisó	Third person Singular
definirá	Third person Singular
asesinaran	Third person Plural
fomentó	Third person Singular
opinan	Third person Plural
plantan	Third person Plural
listando	None
piqué	First person Singular
desconvocado	None
detectarán	Third person Plural
educáremos	First person Plural
respondes	Second person Singular
expresaron	Third person Plural
volcado	None
tatemes	Second person Singular
humidificando	None
arañada	None
descubro	First person Singular
inundar	None
apresaron	Third person Plural
laureaban	Third person Plural
pactan	Third person Plural
actuaré	First person Singular
abrían	Third person Plural
desabotonasteis	Second person Plural
hallaran	Third person Plural
eternizará	Third person Singular
cristianizó	Third person Singular
contrariaron	Third person Plural
toreásemos	First person Plural
inspires	Second person Singular
cosechando	None
germinan	Third person Plural
repescado	None
improvisado	None
presagiaban	Third person Plural
reorientaron	Third person Plural
coinciden	Third person Plural
vertidas	None
encalladas	None
airadas	None
evidenciaban	Third person Plural
conservan	Third person Plural
eliminarían	Third person Plural
ajuares	Second person Singular
rebelados	None
silenciados	None
catolizáremos	First person Plural
contacto	First person Singular
ampliarán	Third person Plural
yació	Third person Singular
expelida	None
esfumaban	Third person Plural
inciden	Third person Plural
participaron	Third person Plural
enhilar	None
agobiados	None
excavó	Third person Singular
debatirá	Third person Singular
quejé	First person Singular
contrabandeábamos	First person Plural
arrancarán	Third person Plural
tallado	None
danzad	Second person Plural
orlada	None
picoteo	First person Singular
caí	First person Singular
sobreviniendo	None
taponareis	Second person Plural
valemos	First person Plural
desgracias	Second person Singular
civilizada	None
predestinaban	Third person Plural
trastornáremos	First person Plural
adhieren	Third person Plural
exprimida	None
copié	First person Singular
asoleados	None
estudiará	Third person Singular
acampó	Third person Singular
reclinaréis	Second person Plural
rapar	None
condijeres	Second person Singular
repercutirá	Third person Singular
contestaran	Third person Plural
arraigabas	Second person Singular
suturas	Second person Singular
pelaos	Second person Plural
polemizaremos	First person Plural
endiosasteis	Second person Plural
valuadas	None
triunfo	First person Singular
enfrenté	First person Singular
computadas	None
renovadas	None
cubrid	Second person Plural
obsequiar	None
