participirao	None
pokrijete	Second person Plural
prijavim	First person Singular
stiska	Third person Singular
nazivam	First person Singular
balavljaste	Second person Plural
štandu	None
izriče	Third person Singular
slušamo	First person Plural
sakupljajte	Second person Plural
zbraja	Third person Singular
sjajnih	None
krutim	None
gotskoj	None
zadaje	Third person Singular
sprudovi	None
tkano	None
titraj	Second person Singular
lovljeni	None
najmuževnijima	None
ticani	None
maksimalnu	None
trguju	Third person Plural
ocijene	Third person Plural
privlačnu	None
većinske	None
čeznu	Third person Plural
riješe	Third person Plural
prebijete	Second person Plural
papo	None
prekalih	First person Singular
odbacuju	Third person Plural
raspoređeni	None
uspjeh	First person Singular
delegaciji	None
skaču	Third person Plural
razgonjahu	Third person Plural
dvojili	None
odmakne	Third person Singular
svrstavaju	Third person Plural
nasljeđuju	Third person Plural
zimskome	None
procjenjivala	None
izuzmeš	Second person Singular
nailaze	Third person Plural
aprile	None
pozovem	First person Singular
tuđinke	None
sajgonskoga	None
odi	Second person Singular
zapitaše	Third person Plural
bengalske	None
organska	None
pomakom	None
naborom	None
civilnom	None
nadut	None
hule	Third person Plural
uvjere	Third person Plural
sprijateljuje	Third person Singular
isprazniš	Second person Singular
pronađite	Second person Plural
ovčarstvo	None
svedoče	Third person Plural
smene	Third person Plural
sviramo	First person Plural
obećaju	Third person Plural
zaceljujem	First person Singular
ukinuti	None
sjenovitu	None
špikam	First person Singular
otapa	Third person Singular
raduju	Third person Plural
sudeluju	Third person Plural
oprašta	Third person Singular
poštujem	First person Singular
krupne	None
skuvajmo	First person Plural
viče	Third person Singular
odnose	Third person Plural
stavljaš	Second person Singular
otvore	Third person Plural
plaze	Third person Plural
adresom	None
pošteđuju	Third person Plural
šašave	None
nepobjedive	None
predvodnikom	None
karaš	Second person Singular
množe	Third person Plural
brste	Third person Plural
čuvaj	Second person Singular
počni	Second person Singular
presuđuje	Third person Singular
naklone	Third person Plural
ustrojava	Third person Singular
snime	Third person Plural
zatomljuje	Third person Singular
pišem	First person Singular
ovalnom	None
ugrožavah	First person Singular
kasaj	Second person Singular
plitka	None
gegali	None
suprotstavljajmo	First person Plural
uništava	Third person Singular
razveselismo	First person Plural
napadaju	Third person Plural
iziskuju	Third person Plural
razvode	Third person Plural
varvarsku	None
maskulizme	None
vjerujem	First person Singular
ostavljam	First person Singular
koštaju	Third person Plural
centralizaciju	None
opišu	Third person Plural
litvanskim	None
vran	None
specijaliziraju	Third person Plural
nagrđuju	Third person Plural
uručuju	Third person Plural
najhisteričnijoj	None
razdvajajmo	First person Plural
element	None
ljudožderstva	None
uporno	None
pitaj	Second person Singular
retoričke	None
medijan	None
zaljubljuju	Third person Plural
bitno	None
osporavaju	Third person Plural
okreni	Second person Singular
tračamo	First person Plural
iskorjenjuju	Third person Plural
klanjaj	Second person Singular
ispraznim	First person Singular
dočaravajte	Second person Plural
porezah	First person Singular
determinizma	None
napomenem	First person Singular
probave	Third person Plural
uvrijeđeni	None
izuzeo	None
banana	None
jamrate	Second person Plural
krešimo	First person Plural
ime	None
omogućuju	Third person Plural
priziva	Third person Singular
manuskripti	None
ljepoticama	None
upisujemo	First person Plural
izmišljaju	Third person Plural
kamenitoj	None
propadoh	First person Singular
vjeruje	Third person Singular
smiluje	Third person Singular
pomire	Third person Plural
prisluškuješ	Second person Singular
predočivah	First person Singular
razviju	Third person Plural
kontakte	None
rukovode	Third person Plural
kadim	First person Singular
podsećaju	Third person Plural
gomilaju	Third person Plural
besedimo	First person Plural
prošetah	First person Singular
povučemo	First person Plural
sarađuju	Third person Plural
ćerasmo	First person Plural
razvožah	First person Singular
otruje	Third person Singular
jave	Third person Plural
konstruiraju	Third person Plural
krivulje	None
trošim	First person Singular
suzuj	Second person Singular
prikazuje	Third person Singular
počinje	Third person Singular
dopustiše	Third person Plural
fokusiraju	Third person Plural
vrzmasmo	First person Plural
olakšaju	Third person Plural
upućuje	Third person Singular
svetkuju	Third person Plural
kiruršku	None
odvode	Third person Plural
prijestupa	None
bjegunce	None
besmisao	None
zevaste	Second person Plural
dopremah	First person Singular
ulove	Third person Plural
tepajte	Second person Plural
pristajete	Second person Plural
predviđa	Third person Singular
izrastu	Third person Plural
šaljem	First person Singular
sahni	Second person Singular
gube	Third person Plural
uznemiravam	First person Singular
naoružavani	None
alveolarna	None
profesionalno	None
pribijajte	Second person Plural
otrcanija	None
degradirala	None
gramatičkom	None
šiljata	None
sjedinila	None
granite	Second person Plural
sredozemne	None
konopci	None
slatke	None
doživljava	Third person Singular
nepromenjen	None
otvoriš	Second person Singular
sviram	First person Singular
podstaviste	Second person Plural
riđobradi	None
polovino	None
upišite	Second person Plural
suvišni	None
omekšava	Third person Singular
izbacujemo	First person Plural
primjerno	None
pregrejavate	Second person Plural
ovise	Third person Plural
protjerujete	Second person Plural
prošire	Third person Plural
poslušaj	Second person Singular
zabilježiš	Second person Singular
nepromijenjeni	None
ventilator	None
ruba	None
svjetluca	Third person Singular
zablistajmo	First person Plural
povedi	Second person Singular
obodi	Second person Singular
uračunava	Third person Singular
zavarah	First person Singular
naslućivaste	Second person Plural
njegujte	Second person Plural
svrsishodnost	None
utajiš	Second person Singular
onemogućava	Third person Singular
proba	Third person Singular
zadržava	Third person Singular
kartografsku	None
ubijte	Second person Plural
prouče	Third person Plural
deru	Third person Plural
naselim	First person Singular
ponovim	First person Singular
cveta	Third person Singular
zatalasajmo	First person Plural
istarskom	None
buđasmo	First person Plural
idealisti	None
pogreših	First person Singular
sabiru	Third person Plural
perfekcionizam	None
ražalostim	First person Singular
gnojiva	None
pokaže	Third person Singular
zanemaruju	Third person Plural
pridobivate	Second person Plural
opuštaju	Third person Plural
profitirate	Second person Plural
razmažene	None
oprugom	None
видљив	None
kurtoazna	None
proizvedu	Third person Plural
obračunaju	Third person Plural
razdruživah	First person Singular
upozore	Third person Plural
okružuju	Third person Plural
neoprezni	None
razočarava	Third person Singular
prekriju	Third person Plural
najmaglovitije	None
unakažene	None
kompromitiraju	Third person Plural
ishodom	None
doktoriraš	Second person Singular
sekle	None
spiskasmo	First person Plural
racionalizmom	None
pepela	None
budhistkinji	None
ugrožavaju	Third person Plural
baladama	None
odaziva	Third person Singular
objelodanjuje	Third person Singular
tovarima	None
munara	None
bubnjaj	Second person Singular
prekini	Second person Singular
tuče	Third person Singular
mota	Third person Singular
obrežu	Third person Plural
pohlepe	None
štandova	None
akceleratorima	None
popiju	Third person Plural
siledžije	None
spada	Third person Singular
skandiraju	Third person Plural
protječe	Third person Singular
gledano	None
komunicirahu	Third person Plural
viđa	Third person Singular
krećete	Second person Plural
gledajte	Second person Plural
izdrže	Third person Plural
prevale	Third person Plural
deblom	None
sekirahu	Third person Plural
spira	Third person Singular
raspisuje	Third person Singular
prigušuje	Third person Singular
slučajnoga	None
najpolaganijega	None
dozove	Third person Singular
špotaste	Second person Plural
proučava	Third person Singular
opreme	Third person Plural
podjarmljuješ	Second person Singular
štipa	Third person Singular
rastave	Third person Plural
večerima	None
sjaju	Third person Plural
sadrži	Third person Singular
uračunaju	Third person Plural
pokušaju	Third person Plural
gornjega	None
peri	Second person Singular
uposlismo	First person Plural
nazove	Third person Singular
opraštaju	Third person Plural
sazove	Third person Singular
predvidljivijim	None
rekorderi	None
predbacuješ	Second person Singular
oštećuju	Third person Plural
zrače	Third person Plural
zgure	Third person Plural
novacima	None
usisavana	None
iscrpoše	Third person Plural
zaljubljivah	First person Singular
vrpolje	Third person Plural
staničnoj	None
surađuju	Third person Plural
jadranskoj	None
očaravao	None
poznate	Second person Plural
prestravljivasmo	First person Plural
sumnjam	First person Singular
krčmare	Third person Plural
županija	None
zoološka	None
glineni	None
viđamo	First person Plural
brstim	First person Singular
parabola	None
poznajem	First person Singular
natjerava	Third person Singular
žilave	None
smešnima	None
aforizmi	None
razvodne	Third person Plural
udavah	First person Singular
многобројни	None
očekujete	Second person Plural
nabraja	Third person Singular
popunilo	None
uznemire	Third person Plural
objavljuje	Third person Singular
plasirala	None
sretnete	Second person Plural
osvežavaju	Third person Plural
areni	None
sunčajmo	First person Plural
prisustvuju	Third person Plural
izlučuješ	Second person Singular
pustolovina	None
uljepšaj	Second person Singular
zastrašuj	Second person Singular
pozdrave	Third person Plural
leksikonu	None
razodjenimo	First person Plural
izbijamo	First person Plural
tuku	Third person Plural
uzima	Third person Singular
rangiraju	Third person Plural
nagu	None
žarulju	None
trijumfiraš	Second person Singular
uvijaju	Third person Plural
amazonska	None
istražujte	Second person Plural
otiču	Third person Plural
jašu	Third person Plural
veša	Third person Singular
preljuba	None
zakune	Third person Singular
srede	Third person Plural
objašnjavate	Second person Plural
sotonizirahu	Third person Plural
paran	None
svjesniji	None
uskratiš	Second person Singular
majstoru	None
ravna	Third person Singular
северни	None
odstreliste	Second person Plural
krampašima	None
blagoslove	Third person Plural
krećemo	First person Plural
završeni	None
govorim	First person Singular
obrate	Third person Plural
sitne	Third person Plural
suzbijaju	Third person Plural
zalihe	None
izveste	Third person Plural
nadjene	Third person Singular
kušaste	Second person Plural
zalogu	None
gusle	None
etaži	None
svakojakim	None
opažao	None
zatomljujemo	First person Plural
smislim	First person Singular
pođemo	First person Plural
poternica	None
vrše	Third person Plural
dravski	None
štrihiram	First person Singular
okuse	Third person Plural
šijem	First person Singular
odstranjuju	Third person Plural
objektivnijega	None
pandže	None
pregrije	Third person Singular
penjemo	First person Plural
oplemenjujte	Second person Plural
pobočnici	None
šumovima	None
utvaraju	Third person Plural
tečnostima	None
trgovca	None
izjavljuje	Third person Singular
ciljaju	Third person Plural
razgovore	Third person Plural
krpa	Third person Singular
proučavamo	First person Plural
oboriste	Second person Plural
rastvore	Third person Plural
serijsku	None
priđu	Third person Plural
pravovjernomu	None
odjekuj	Second person Singular
ambasadama	None
protivnapadom	None
narisaše	Third person Plural
boemskih	None
razbijemo	First person Plural
baza	Third person Singular
garantiraš	Second person Singular
uzvišen	None
mandarinski	None
антички	None
opadaju	Third person Plural
animirah	First person Singular
korporativna	None
prave	Third person Plural
odbijete	Second person Plural
koreni	None
animatorima	None
obih	First person Singular
mirim	First person Singular
pristignu	Third person Plural
zakonici	None
pogledamo	First person Plural
oskudica	None
žestinom	None
kotizacijo	None
poništava	Third person Singular
načuje	Third person Singular
probdješe	Third person Plural
stripu	None
odgađate	Second person Plural
raspodeljen	None
uzdahne	Third person Singular
dvojina	None
otkida	Third person Singular
ugrizu	Third person Plural
cepa	Third person Singular
blagujem	First person Singular
napominje	Third person Singular
sjedah	First person Singular
pišu	Third person Plural
namjerava	Third person Singular
čehoslovačkim	None
klecajte	Second person Plural
sarajevskih	None
utope	Third person Plural
bademe	None
dečje	None
ozljeđuješ	Second person Singular
sakatismo	First person Plural
oporavljaju	Third person Plural
najbržim	None
naslanja	Third person Singular
nese	Third person Singular
odaberite	Second person Plural
pokušate	Second person Plural
zagađuje	Third person Singular
podešavaste	Second person Plural
oblačniji	None
uživamo	First person Plural
kažemo	First person Plural
nedoumicu	None
posude	Third person Plural
brojači	None
obore	Third person Plural
povređuje	Third person Singular
psujte	Second person Plural
povere	Third person Plural
rasije	Third person Singular
haju	Third person Plural
otvara	Third person Singular
gledaju	Third person Plural
ovenčani	None
pitkom	None
zavladavaj	Second person Singular
cediš	Second person Singular
zahtevaju	Third person Plural
brane	Third person Plural
prene	Third person Singular
zgražavate	Second person Plural
očekujemo	First person Plural
smetaju	Third person Plural
damo	First person Plural
ražeste	Third person Plural
pretražuje	Third person Singular
plesače	None
iznose	Third person Plural
selim	First person Singular
dogode	Third person Plural
kurva	Third person Singular
kruha	None
dobije	Third person Singular
prenoćim	First person Singular
odobravaju	Third person Plural
zapuše	Third person Plural
menjam	First person Singular
pogodnost	None
gordijskima	None
prestraviste	Second person Plural
šaputah	First person Singular
cijepljahu	Third person Plural
oslanjajmo	First person Plural
dobročiniteljima	None
primiše	Third person Plural
dalekoistočna	None
releji	None
nepokretnu	None
opsedne	Third person Singular
uračunavaj	Second person Singular
gata	Third person Singular
urade	Third person Plural
obojica	None
tiransku	None
oličava	Third person Singular
žitnica	None
preseljavaju	Third person Plural
lepim	First person Singular
grušaš	Second person Singular
bodu	Third person Plural
bahato	None
metaforičko	None
nastavljaju	Third person Plural
isterajmo	First person Plural
sramote	Third person Plural
opuštah	First person Singular
adicije	None
narišite	Second person Plural
poravnan	None
režaste	Second person Plural
radovaste	Second person Plural
napustim	First person Singular
sušili	None
rasteruje	Third person Singular
razmeniš	Second person Singular
lovočuvar	None
gonetamo	First person Plural
sirenom	None
oduzimala	None
odgovoren	None
ljulja	Third person Singular
potraže	Third person Plural
pokušavaš	Second person Singular
zapovijedaju	Third person Plural
skidaju	Third person Plural
glorificiraju	Third person Plural
omekšivača	None
razvodnjavajmo	First person Plural
zamerate	Second person Plural
priznaje	Third person Singular
razaslasmo	First person Plural
povećaste	Second person Plural
klade	Third person Plural
licitaciji	None
dohvatih	First person Singular
višnjo	None
najstariji	None
sakrivajte	Second person Plural
preporučivasmo	First person Plural
srećite	Second person Plural
otpuštasmo	First person Plural
rode	Third person Plural
slepca	None
naziva	Third person Singular
miriše	Third person Singular
utrkuju	Third person Plural
maloazijsku	None
namjenjujete	Second person Plural
obasjajte	Second person Plural
ocenjuju	Third person Plural
ponižavaju	Third person Plural
pobodite	Second person Plural
primenjujemo	First person Plural
bugari	Third person Singular
gȍvōrima	None
odstreljujte	Second person Plural
isprobaju	Third person Plural
arhaizirahu	Third person Plural
pamćahu	Third person Plural
potpisasmo	First person Plural
istrebljuju	Third person Plural
preživljava	Third person Singular
eparhijskom	None
sviraju	Third person Plural
uzjahuj	Second person Singular
nadamo	First person Plural
mlake	None
uspostavlja	Third person Singular
pomognemo	First person Plural
razoružava	Third person Singular
pristupa	Third person Singular
genocidi	None
oslobodiš	Second person Singular
razglabaš	Second person Singular
vriskate	Second person Plural
pobegne	Third person Singular
prestane	Third person Singular
prebacio	None
ukida	Third person Singular
pjevajmo	First person Plural
uverava	Third person Singular
snifajte	Second person Plural
pripravljaju	Third person Plural
jašeš	Second person Singular
zgražavaju	Third person Plural
nagoveštava	Third person Singular
prekršili	None
susreće	Third person Singular
usložnjavate	Second person Plural
cinka	None
nabavljao	None
diraju	Third person Plural
preterate	Second person Plural
sekularan	None
ministru	None
uzgajalo	None
polome	Third person Plural
asirska	None
odmognu	Third person Plural
osnovnih	None
jahaste	Second person Plural
obrišete	Second person Plural
gramatička	None
blagajne	None
janjičarima	None
ugrije	Third person Singular
ostvarivaste	Second person Plural
nestanaka	None
dojavljivahu	Third person Plural
sviđaju	Third person Plural
udaljenim	None
menjaju	Third person Plural
policajca	None
vratiše	Third person Plural
besjede	Third person Plural
pridremaste	Second person Plural
zadužujte	Second person Plural
hemijskim	None
voze	Third person Plural
raskrštajmo	First person Plural
migolje	Third person Plural
lene	Third person Plural
teološko	None
pripovijeda	Third person Singular
olakšava	Third person Singular
kreiraju	Third person Plural
kupolom	None
zjapneš	Second person Singular
označavaju	Third person Plural
tvrdnju	None
amputiraj	None
rastaju	Third person Plural
preseku	Third person Plural
povij	Second person Singular
sprdasmo	First person Plural
antimaterije	None
počeše	Third person Plural
usavrše	Third person Plural
čeprkate	Second person Plural
nadopunjavate	Second person Plural
izbore	Third person Plural
nadlaktica	None
linije	None
zabrtviste	Second person Plural
mjere	Third person Plural
ispunjavajmo	First person Plural
zabune	Third person Plural
najjezovitijoj	None
najtvrdokorniji	None
aršinima	None
imeniku	None
prahistoriji	None
kurila	None
zapadaju	Third person Plural
zanemare	Third person Plural
dokažu	Third person Plural
salitra	None
parnom	None
račića	None
lijevom	None
opijate	Second person Plural
bilabijalni	None
izjednače	Third person Plural
dopada	Third person Singular
dočekivahu	Third person Plural
vrpčaste	None
povećava	Third person Singular
pismena	None
obrazlagana	None
pristupe	Third person Plural
opirem	First person Singular
pokrene	Third person Singular
odmaknuste	Second person Plural
dodiruju	Third person Plural
uloviste	Second person Plural
uradim	First person Singular
uzimam	First person Singular
kontrakciji	None
lijepim	First person Singular
savetuju	Third person Plural
апстрактни	None
kreda	None
njači	Second person Singular
homogen	None
stavljate	Second person Plural
liju	Third person Plural
poduzme	Third person Singular
bocom	None
praznovernoga	None
progovara	Third person Singular
obavljao	None
riše	Third person Singular
preostale	None
ograđuju	Third person Plural
bazah	First person Singular
revnijim	None
sretnih	None
jȃrci	None
uživaj	Second person Singular
uspinju	Third person Plural
razmatraju	Third person Plural
skreću	Third person Plural
posrćete	Second person Plural
pronađu	Third person Plural
moljca	None
označiše	Third person Plural
najtendencioznijoj	None
celivaju	Third person Plural
sumornim	None
počnete	Second person Plural
rezultiraju	Third person Plural
privezujmo	First person Plural
preživesmo	First person Plural
osiromašuj	Second person Singular
dosetljive	None
dodeljuje	Third person Singular
opažaju	Third person Plural
osuše	Third person Plural
nazive	None
čilašem	None
trnjem	None
luftirah	First person Singular
komentiraju	Third person Plural
obustavljaju	Third person Plural
zbrku	None
pokrivači	None
predgrađima	None
rubriciram	First person Singular
provokativnom	None
šaljite	Second person Plural
zaljubljene	None
ulozi	None
tuguj	Second person Singular
padovima	None
okreći	Second person Singular
predložim	First person Singular
teologe	None
aboniraju	Third person Plural
naknade	Third person Plural
treba	Third person Singular
predočuješ	Second person Singular
циклични	None
oštećuje	Third person Singular
garantiraju	Third person Plural
uvodnima	None
gule	Third person Plural
znaku	None
pozivah	First person Singular
promenim	First person Singular
razuverismo	First person Plural
taktu	None
zbiva	Third person Singular
dobici	None
djeluju	Third person Plural
puknu	Third person Plural
uvježbavaju	Third person Plural
izdržavaju	Third person Plural
oslanja	Third person Singular
zgrizete	Second person Plural
prebrode	Third person Plural
flertuju	Third person Plural
divove	None
mjehuru	None
pomislih	First person Singular
turpijate	Second person Plural
novonastalome	None
pogledate	Second person Plural
klubove	None
otimah	First person Singular
postigne	Third person Singular
takmacom	None
predviđaju	Third person Plural
obeduju	Third person Plural
nadaju	Third person Plural
zini	Second person Singular
razvrstavahu	Third person Plural
snabdeven	None
minuste	Second person Plural
preseca	Third person Singular
usudili	None
rasijavaste	Second person Plural
krajinama	None
raskrštah	First person Singular
istinit	None
fruštuci	None
štampaju	Third person Plural
lansiramo	First person Plural
prelaze	Third person Plural
statični	None
priviknem	First person Singular
stižu	Third person Plural
preostaje	Third person Singular
ispečeš	Second person Singular
piši	Second person Singular
prereže	Third person Singular
namaknuste	Second person Plural
dangubile	None
majčina	None
zamenjuje	Third person Singular
odolevaju	Third person Plural
spomeni	Second person Singular
savjetuje	Third person Singular
otkrije	Third person Singular
simuliraju	Third person Plural
kišu	Third person Plural
prijam	First person Singular
gega	Third person Singular
drhtaju	None
ugriju	Third person Plural
podstrek	None
osigurava	Third person Singular
krvljaste	Second person Plural
profitiraju	Third person Plural
stječete	Second person Plural
oficijelnoga	None
polaze	Third person Plural
oličavah	First person Singular
pruže	Third person Plural
prosvjeduje	Third person Singular
otklanjaju	Third person Plural
garantuje	Third person Singular
približio	None
dođeš	Second person Singular
stradaju	Third person Plural
obavijaju	Third person Plural
dorađujmo	First person Plural
nazovimo	First person Plural
izolacionizmima	None
preračunasmo	First person Plural
obnovljeno	None
iznajme	Third person Plural
nadovezalo	None
odanost	None
razgolitiš	Second person Singular
ogledaju	Third person Plural
zbunjenijemu	None
savetuje	Third person Singular
žagom	None
nasrnusmo	First person Plural
čudesna	None
zahvaljujem	First person Singular
rešile	None
ugrozismo	First person Plural
testirate	Second person Plural
snizilo	None
koridorom	None
sklapajte	Second person Plural
izvesnim	None
zaviđaš	Second person Singular
prekine	Third person Singular
urezujem	First person Singular
odustaju	Third person Plural
luksemburškoga	None
pobegoše	Third person Plural
isecasmo	First person Plural
lome	Third person Plural
stoljeću	None
istrebe	Third person Plural
pridremaš	Second person Singular
proporcija	None
adaptiraju	Third person Plural
izvade	Third person Plural
hvalim	First person Singular
najsabranije	None
raznošahu	Third person Plural
cilja	Third person Singular
priklone	Third person Plural
rakije	None
prekinimo	First person Plural
teraju	Third person Plural
poričem	First person Singular
poroznijim	None
uočava	Third person Singular
objeduje	Third person Singular
podrazumevamo	First person Plural
skrešu	Third person Plural
zagrizaju	Third person Plural
otapaju	Third person Plural
odlazim	First person Singular
sezala	None
nagrađuju	Third person Plural
otkine	Third person Singular
omekšaju	Third person Plural
struže	Third person Singular
brinu	Third person Plural
zborasmo	First person Plural
pustim	First person Singular
obavijestim	First person Singular
zastavi	None
ispravom	None
odlučene	None
označavaš	Second person Singular
uprljaj	Second person Singular
hapšaste	Second person Plural
mirovnom	None
poplašena	None
smera	Third person Singular
usvajaju	Third person Plural
pribaviš	Second person Singular
nagurate	Second person Plural
zapisuju	Third person Plural
prkose	Third person Plural
poljubim	First person Singular
problem	None
zapregni	Second person Singular
postupnome	None
odazovu	Third person Plural
sudjeluje	Third person Singular
flamanskoj	None
okružile	None
ludujemo	First person Plural
tanker	None
bombe	None
uradiš	Second person Singular
zovi	Second person Singular
sastoje	Third person Plural
pristojnijim	None
računa	Third person Singular
mame	Third person Plural
nameću	Third person Plural
maštamo	First person Plural
pribijaste	Second person Plural
kašupski	None
zaspiš	Second person Singular
poravnavaju	Third person Plural
pojedu	Third person Plural
naseljavaj	Second person Singular
otkrijemo	First person Plural
jugoslavenski	None
dinamici	None
sprejevi	None
pripada	Third person Singular
opravdasmo	First person Plural
zavežete	Second person Plural
pokvasiše	Third person Plural
promičete	Second person Plural
izmisliste	Second person Plural
napinji	Second person Singular
združujte	Second person Plural
tiranija	None
snabdeva	Third person Singular
jada	Third person Singular
projiciramo	First person Plural
zemljopisa	None
razumeju	Third person Plural
zaboraviš	Second person Singular
dospiju	Third person Plural
uđeš	Second person Singular
dočekaše	Third person Plural
tvoriš	Second person Singular
pripadah	First person Singular
zapiše	Third person Singular
dotrčavaj	Second person Singular
komšijo	None
postavljaj	Second person Singular
tiče	Third person Singular
poveže	Third person Singular
ugine	Third person Singular
čupajmo	First person Plural
odgovara	Third person Singular
prorađujemo	First person Plural
pohabam	First person Singular
kažu	Third person Plural
nadjenuo	None
snima	Third person Singular
usvajah	First person Singular
sređivahu	Third person Plural
baštinjaste	Second person Plural
kupatilom	None
prilagode	Third person Plural
ontološkom	None
sviće	Third person Singular
priznate	Second person Plural
isteruješ	Second person Singular
masama	None
usudile	None
najkontroverznijim	None
ograničava	Third person Singular
deblja	Third person Singular
odgovarate	Second person Plural
podijelih	First person Singular
pomogne	Third person Singular
zaključujem	First person Singular
bjelasnuše	Third person Plural
vraćaste	Second person Plural
dopadaju	Third person Plural
odeneš	Second person Singular
sjede	Third person Plural
afarskoj	None
ljuljaju	Third person Plural
razvaljivan	None
određen	None
spratom	None
grubu	None
zaokružuješ	Second person Singular
psiholozi	None
partituri	None
pronađete	Second person Plural
zahtevamo	First person Plural
rati	None
nestaju	Third person Plural
pitaju	Third person Plural
maštaju	Third person Plural
promene	Third person Plural
prekršene	None
evakuaciji	None
patriotizma	None
elektrolizu	None
ženama	None
uskrate	Third person Plural
puna	None
nepušača	None
glasuješ	Second person Singular
odluče	Third person Plural
skrstih	First person Singular
prsnete	Second person Plural
prebiju	Third person Plural
vilica	None
gledamo	First person Plural
najedosmo	First person Plural
nervira	Third person Singular
kupa	Third person Singular
vodozemac	None
nepokretnim	None
sinkretizam	None
svojstven	None
stara	Third person Singular
realnoj	None
prihvaćeno	None
raskidaju	Third person Plural
dodirni	Second person Singular
privezivaste	Second person Plural
migoljasmo	First person Plural
zavidnu	None
stignem	First person Singular
iznenađuje	Third person Singular
zakazuje	Third person Singular
dogodih	First person Singular
vakcinu	None
sahnu	Third person Plural
bdije	Third person Singular
ublažavaju	Third person Plural
isprazne	Third person Plural
jurišasmo	First person Plural
vračaš	Second person Singular
najbuntovnijim	None
logoruju	Third person Plural
mije	Third person Singular
natapa	Third person Singular
ograniče	Third person Plural
otklanja	Third person Singular
vjerujete	Second person Plural
ispušta	Third person Singular
ubere	Third person Singular
impliciraju	Third person Plural
privedite	Second person Plural
nakupljasmo	First person Plural
tajanstvenost	None
rasterujemo	First person Plural
zaklinjete	Second person Plural
prođu	Third person Plural
protjerasmo	First person Plural
odazove	Third person Singular
usmerava	Third person Singular
privrženost	None
prozivate	Second person Plural
prijavljujete	Second person Plural
zbunjivahu	Third person Plural
porobe	Third person Plural
kera	None
prusko	None
zauzimaju	Third person Plural
carinsku	None
psuje	Third person Singular
susretnu	Third person Plural
vampirsku	None
represije	None
proziva	Third person Singular
uzgajaju	Third person Plural
skine	Third person Singular
složnima	None
redovnikom	None
pobija	Third person Singular
jetrica	None
isplivah	First person Singular
obratiše	Third person Plural
izvršavaju	Third person Plural
kliznite	Second person Plural
namjeravate	Second person Plural
priđete	Second person Plural
zapaliste	Second person Plural
kritičnu	None
linearnoj	None
proplakujte	Second person Plural
svare	Third person Plural
ostaviš	Second person Singular
upalili	None
oproste	Third person Plural
razaslaše	Third person Plural
zagadiste	Second person Plural
srđah	First person Singular
obračunavaste	Second person Plural
radujem	First person Singular
pokrštavaju	Third person Plural
centrifugama	None
probavlja	Third person Singular
ogrij	Second person Singular
glasuje	Third person Singular
tumaraju	Third person Plural
odgađa	Third person Singular
uključuje	Third person Singular
sadržava	Third person Singular
nazdravljam	First person Singular
pješačiš	Second person Singular
vrijahu	Third person Plural
okreću	Third person Plural
roditeljskim	None
kategoriji	None
iznude	Third person Plural
razarajte	Second person Plural
posjeduju	Third person Plural
razoružavaju	Third person Plural
suprotstave	Third person Plural
uklone	Third person Plural
razmnožiste	Second person Plural
nesu	Third person Plural
sredim	First person Singular
stanuju	Third person Plural
izbatinali	None
cenzuriraš	Second person Singular
kupuju	Third person Plural
postanemo	First person Plural
uključuju	Third person Plural
najsrodnija	None
razarahu	Third person Plural
birokratsku	None
nokautu	None
titraju	Third person Plural
špijunom	None
potkupljujmo	First person Plural
otuđim	First person Singular
podudaraju	Third person Plural
dijele	Third person Plural
izračunamo	First person Plural
jurišaju	Third person Plural
vij	Second person Singular
izdahne	Third person Singular
pristranost	None
opovrgneš	Second person Singular
nesrećom	None
istosmjernih	None
odlikovala	None
odlaze	Third person Plural
surađujemo	First person Plural
miču	Third person Plural
nasamariste	Second person Plural
napije	Third person Singular
šlepaju	Third person Plural
igrača	None
ispitajte	Second person Plural
učiniš	Second person Singular
prljavaca	None
nastojim	First person Singular
asistira	Third person Singular
pročitala	None
posreduju	Third person Plural
sklanjamo	First person Plural
suptilan	None
prepisujmo	First person Plural
šnofaš	Second person Singular
apanažom	None
putujemo	First person Plural
predočuje	Third person Singular
hlade	Third person Plural
posetilac	None
otmu	Third person Plural
savija	Third person Singular
trezvenjački	None
glade	Third person Plural
odmognite	Second person Plural
porađahu	Third person Plural
primijetih	First person Singular
kemijsku	None
udišu	Third person Plural
prikupe	Third person Plural
fasciniraju	Third person Plural
uspavljujete	Second person Plural
zakaže	Third person Singular
zavređujete	Second person Plural
poima	Third person Singular
prolistavaš	Second person Singular
ocjenama	None
primjenjujemo	First person Plural
namjeravam	First person Singular
obesile	None
sele	Third person Plural
uzrokuje	Third person Singular
nagrizaju	Third person Plural
nagodbi	None
presele	Third person Plural
opljačkasmo	First person Plural
sujeverju	None
gladijatorsku	None
istoriji	None
draže	Third person Plural
speleološki	None
korišćasmo	First person Plural
metu	Third person Plural
podesismo	First person Plural
egzistiraju	Third person Plural
izaberemo	First person Plural
pripraviše	Third person Plural
slušaj	Second person Singular
zatvaraju	Third person Plural
povezujete	Second person Plural
granule	None
maže	Third person Singular
najvetrenjastijih	None
dokučujem	First person Singular
premotaše	Third person Plural
prijavljivaste	Second person Plural
najemocionalnijoj	None
bezopasnu	None
robujte	Second person Plural
bani	Second person Singular
izaslanstvom	None
ovladaju	Third person Plural
magija	None
pile	Third person Plural
ganute	None
poštuje	Third person Singular
stradava	Third person Singular
pročitate	Second person Plural
prigovara	Third person Singular
grade	Third person Plural
primoravajte	Second person Plural
oživljavaj	Second person Singular
borim	First person Singular
osjećam	First person Singular
sakupljam	First person Singular
ozlede	Third person Plural
odseci	Second person Singular
oštrim	First person Singular
najglađim	None
prikazujmo	First person Plural
porastem	First person Singular
rasijaste	Second person Plural
putujem	First person Singular
miljea	None
lijem	First person Singular
bujaj	Second person Singular
džakova	None
magarce	None
prigušujmo	First person Plural
dogovara	Third person Singular
ulovih	First person Singular
grijem	First person Singular
izumire	Third person Singular
prisustvuje	Third person Singular
nema	Third person Singular
dionice	None
natjeralo	None
školuju	Third person Plural
osvojiste	Second person Plural
ugrušaste	Second person Plural
žvače	Third person Singular
izađu	Third person Plural
krivuljama	None
zagrizemo	First person Plural
blede	Third person Plural
skuplja	Third person Singular
limove	None
izumiru	Third person Plural
otjecaste	Second person Plural
osvježavasmo	First person Plural
dodajemo	First person Plural
sastavljah	First person Singular
vladajućoj	None
raspodjeljuju	Third person Plural
jarboli	None
vene	Third person Singular
antropologiju	None
palanko	None
šnjofamo	First person Plural
obrubljuješ	Second person Singular
umeće	Third person Singular
rašire	Third person Plural
diplomaciju	None
sahranjuje	Third person Singular
separacije	None
krizama	None
ometu	Third person Plural
postavljate	Second person Plural
ubrizgaju	Third person Plural
osigurana	None
haje	Third person Singular
isecimo	First person Plural
pokažemo	First person Plural
jahti	None
dođoh	First person Singular
skrštavamo	First person Plural
uvećavaju	Third person Plural
usmjerih	First person Singular
mirovi	None
alergije	None
ponosim	First person Singular
ore	Third person Singular
ožene	Third person Plural
krunišem	First person Singular
mjesečnomu	None
razdelim	First person Singular
žilavo	None
pogibaju	Third person Plural
povratnika	None
dokučuju	Third person Plural
krhate	Second person Plural
nadjačavaju	Third person Plural
brka	Third person Singular
veni	Second person Singular
недодирљиви	None
tačnije	None
perjaniku	None
internista	None
odvajaju	Third person Plural
pronađemo	First person Plural
miče	Third person Singular
prijatnom	None
beleže	Third person Plural
podržava	Third person Singular
tiraninu	None
jezično	None
diplomacije	None
poznajete	Second person Plural
smisle	Third person Plural
kupuje	Third person Singular
чудотворан	None
kuriri	None
crvenokoso	None
gableci	None
uviđa	Third person Singular
sabija	Third person Singular
leksikografskim	None
svetlucaš	Second person Singular
sukobljena	None
odseca	Third person Singular
doprema	Third person Singular
žbuka	Third person Singular
povesti	None
odbranom	None
apsorbirahu	Third person Plural
budnost	None
mažu	Third person Plural
nazvaše	Third person Plural
sinula	None
jastrebovima	None
vreba	Third person Singular
ubrana	None
namećemo	First person Plural
najkvalitetniju	None
kvadrantu	None
napišeš	Second person Singular
izbija	Third person Singular
dražbi	None
trokolici	None
obiđem	First person Singular
veljačkim	None
prestani	Second person Singular
pluskvamperfekt	None
otpisivano	None
ujeda	Third person Singular
primamljivaste	Second person Plural
depresijama	None
gerilcima	None
isploviste	Second person Plural
zablistate	Second person Plural
računaste	Second person Plural
tužbe	None
nateraju	Third person Plural
puškometu	None
domaćicu	None
prihvatljivo	None
nabrekne	Third person Singular
izbegavaju	Third person Plural
sazreva	Third person Singular
bečim	First person Singular
počinjeno	None
prirodnija	None
uspavljujmo	First person Plural
tajanstvene	None
transformatori	None
sole	Third person Plural
napredovanje	None
zamenika	None
otkopavaju	Third person Plural
rukopisa	None
dvoje	Third person Plural
odsecasmo	First person Plural
najnižim	None
rešavaju	Third person Plural
aranžmanom	None
spriječe	Third person Plural
otpadate	Second person Plural
identifikatore	None
śedim	First person Singular
ocenjujete	Second person Plural
rastavlja	Third person Singular
farbajte	Second person Plural
okružismo	First person Plural
pričekaju	Third person Plural
opominje	Third person Singular
odgovore	Third person Plural
oslanjamo	First person Plural
izmjenama	None
poznaje	Third person Singular
izvlače	Third person Plural
skrivate	Second person Plural
bodi	Second person Singular
pribavlja	Third person Singular
preživljavate	Second person Plural
vriska	Third person Singular
grani	Second person Singular
preotimaju	Third person Plural
stvore	Third person Plural
razmatrana	None
privikava	Third person Singular
shvate	Third person Plural
akupunkturi	None
materinom	None
otpiši	Second person Singular
najdramatičnijih	None
probodite	Second person Plural
darivaju	Third person Plural
odrona	None
opoziva	Third person Singular
smjera	Third person Singular
kćerkom	None
pripreme	Third person Plural
rešavamo	First person Plural
nerazdvojan	None
podešavah	First person Singular
veselomu	None
zagradim	First person Singular
plane	Third person Singular
lijeva	Third person Singular
skladala	None
analogijama	None
umem	First person Singular
popravljaju	Third person Plural
popije	Third person Singular
vežbaj	Second person Singular
biologa	None
rashlađuje	Third person Singular
dobivaš	Second person Singular
regrutacija	None
cijenu	None
oglodavah	First person Singular
bajajte	Second person Plural
sprečavaju	Third person Plural
nagovešćuješ	Second person Singular
računalu	None
frekventnom	None
pokriju	Third person Plural
opsjedaju	Third person Plural
perspektivan	None
iskušajmo	First person Plural
važeš	Second person Singular
šuka	Third person Singular
tvrdiš	Second person Singular
pregibaju	Third person Plural
rodnicu	None
gangsterske	None
ohrabre	Third person Plural
mafijaša	None
krhkijoj	None
ispričaju	Third person Plural
stisnem	First person Singular
predstavlja	Third person Singular
средњи	None
razmnažasmo	First person Plural
neprestanoj	None
obaveštavaju	Third person Plural
sređuju	Third person Plural
sanjkaju	Third person Plural
doselih	First person Singular
uvrebani	None
ansamblu	None
raspodjeljivah	First person Singular
oduzmu	Third person Plural
nenadjebivoj	None
pećima	None
penju	Third person Plural
zaštićuju	Third person Plural
iseljava	Third person Singular
operemo	First person Plural
ovlašćivaste	Second person Plural
sažima	Third person Singular
pupa	Third person Singular
projektorom	None
pošteđeno	None
dodjeljuju	Third person Plural
podmukla	None
trza	Third person Singular
krivovjerstvo	None
podsjećaste	Second person Plural
dođete	Second person Plural
ističu	Third person Plural
pripovetke	None
zapušta	Third person Singular
smeta	Third person Singular
protjeraju	Third person Plural
umetne	Third person Singular
pravopisnim	None
zastraše	Third person Plural
rukuju	Third person Plural
nagovešćujete	Second person Plural
prefikse	None
automatsku	None
prodaješ	Second person Singular
prošeće	Third person Singular
najnačitanijega	None
bolovala	None
špota	Third person Singular
prigovaraju	Third person Plural
bliže	Third person Plural
nadovezuju	Third person Plural
zovem	First person Singular
proćerdavamo	First person Plural
javljam	First person Singular
participiraju	Third person Plural
dremovi	None
povijaju	Third person Plural
napišemo	First person Plural
tiču	Third person Plural
traže	Third person Plural
promijene	Third person Plural
koordinaciji	None
ponavljah	First person Singular
nosiš	Second person Singular
pođete	Second person Plural
probaj	Second person Singular
usložnjavaju	Third person Plural
vjerasmo	First person Plural
dođite	Second person Plural
peva	Third person Singular
budim	First person Singular
primjenjuju	Third person Plural
razblažuješ	Second person Singular
razmnožava	Third person Singular
obese	Third person Plural
upišu	Third person Plural
projašu	Third person Plural
obmanjuju	Third person Plural
kapije	None
sukoba	None
sagibah	First person Singular
navraćao	None
cima	Third person Singular
razvija	Third person Singular
usredotoče	Third person Plural
isteruju	Third person Plural
nadmašuje	Third person Singular
uvažavate	Second person Plural
pripisuje	Third person Singular
čuvajte	Second person Plural
razbilo	None
preskači	Second person Singular
vrludaš	Second person Singular
oružamo	First person Plural
logorom	None
klopam	First person Singular
nameštaju	None
hrane	Third person Plural
izdvaja	Third person Singular
obuzeše	Third person Plural
postupne	None
kišnica	None
skupljaju	Third person Plural
krajiška	None
oslobodilačka	None
obuci	Second person Singular
poboljšavaju	Third person Plural
greje	Third person Singular
njakahu	Third person Plural
cičaste	Second person Plural
magnetne	None
kričasmo	First person Plural
skidamo	First person Plural
pozove	Third person Singular
izmiče	Third person Singular
snajpera	None
participira	Third person Singular
iskradale	None
uznemiravaju	Third person Plural
skinuše	Third person Plural
upotrebe	Third person Plural
ostavim	First person Singular
dojave	Third person Plural
konkretnih	None
najedena	None
pobune	Third person Plural
dospesmo	First person Plural
ukrcana	None
unije	None
kradu	Third person Plural
prikazujemo	First person Plural
pokušaš	Second person Singular
onemogućavahu	Third person Plural
obratnom	None
skidate	Second person Plural
sklono	None
prilagodljiva	None
brecasmo	First person Plural
podrazumijeva	Third person Singular
nekrofila	None
čupa	Third person Singular
liberalnom	None
napišete	Second person Plural
nadeva	Third person Singular
tikaš	Second person Singular
izgovaraj	Second person Singular
cepidlačiš	Second person Singular
hrabrim	First person Singular
velških	None
ostanemo	First person Plural
drma	Third person Singular
ustupe	Third person Plural
susretne	Third person Singular
seda	Third person Singular
liječe	Third person Plural
prete	Third person Plural
pođeš	Second person Singular
rekoše	Third person Plural
božijoj	None
sipnju	None
nagriza	Third person Singular
probodeš	Second person Singular
odrekoste	Second person Plural
osećali	None
optužuju	Third person Plural
naglasiš	Second person Singular
podstavili	None
nehumanih	None
bivovasmo	First person Plural
semestar	None
dopiši	Second person Singular
crtaj	Second person Singular
krhamo	First person Plural
penetrira	Third person Singular
dođi	Second person Singular
pripiše	Third person Singular
najglasovitiji	None
pjevalo	None
opseda	Third person Singular
supruga	None
kovrčom	None
kovrčah	First person Singular
odvijete	Second person Plural
prezalogajiš	Second person Singular
brinite	Second person Plural
naučim	First person Singular
cvjetaju	Third person Plural
analiziramo	First person Plural
zbrinjavam	First person Singular
navale	Third person Plural
sprezanja	None
isplivaju	Third person Plural
pridružujem	First person Singular
namenjujemo	First person Plural
ludiraš	Second person Singular
presretnem	First person Singular
prepisuje	Third person Singular
isuše	Third person Plural
tjeraš	Second person Singular
tršah	First person Singular
uvaljuje	Third person Singular
osnuju	Third person Plural
gláva	None
klupkom	None
traj	Second person Singular
snežnim	None
krepka	None
okretao	None
sklapa	Third person Singular
opažan	None
venete	Second person Plural
predaje	Third person Singular
trijas	None
bližahu	Third person Plural
suše	Third person Plural
sretni	Second person Singular
priuštih	First person Singular
šapnimo	First person Plural
nastaniše	Third person Plural
navraćaju	Third person Plural
nedostaješ	Second person Singular
azilu	None
uđoše	Third person Plural
daruje	Third person Singular
jedre	Third person Plural
odazivate	Second person Plural
menjaš	Second person Singular
okuj	Second person Singular
naklanjajte	Second person Plural
pretplate	Third person Plural
samoproglašeni	None
premaše	Third person Plural
okolne	None
trajnoj	None
usne	None
osvećuju	Third person Plural
ispisuju	Third person Plural
nemaste	Second person Plural
popravlja	Third person Singular
pobijaju	Third person Plural
ustaj	Second person Singular
delatnostima	None
svjetionik	None
isporučim	First person Singular
preda	Third person Singular
utječe	Third person Singular
ambis	None
ugroze	Third person Plural
dolaziš	Second person Singular
štakori	None
pretpostavljajmo	First person Plural
iziskivasmo	First person Plural
propisivahu	Third person Plural
bodre	Third person Plural
miljenicama	None
lema	Third person Singular
izmiču	Third person Plural
očarasmo	First person Plural
griju	Third person Plural
nastanjuju	Third person Plural
učinim	First person Singular
trebate	Second person Plural
nekakvoj	None
raskine	Third person Singular
razumijevaju	Third person Plural
proračunaju	Third person Plural
isperu	Third person Plural
hrđaj	Second person Singular
spajaj	Second person Singular
primjećuju	Third person Plural
uče	Third person Plural
svedočahu	Third person Plural
potkrepljuju	Third person Plural
date	Second person Plural
praških	None
približile	None
kristalizirah	First person Singular
sagibajte	Second person Plural
primate	Second person Plural
svanuše	Third person Plural
batinaju	Third person Plural
zabrane	Third person Plural
prikazujete	Second person Plural
kapacitete	None
palma	None
raspršuje	Third person Singular
rastajete	Second person Plural
pokrenuše	Third person Plural
podešavaju	Third person Plural
luče	Third person Plural
ovlastih	First person Singular
izoliraju	Third person Plural
baljezgaš	Second person Singular
raspolažu	Third person Plural
afirmativnu	None
recikliraju	Third person Plural
drevniju	None
krše	Third person Plural
oktobarske	None
trzaj	Second person Singular
misle	Third person Plural
tribate	Second person Plural
nominativ	None
pukne	Third person Singular
lociraju	Third person Plural
skrivaju	Third person Plural
bubnja	Third person Singular
postane	Third person Singular
naginji	Second person Singular
odugovlače	Third person Plural
zahvaljivasmo	First person Plural
obrišite	Second person Plural
vređajmo	First person Plural
praktičnih	None
onečišćuju	Third person Plural
prizivala	None
ošamarila	None
ražestiše	Third person Plural
škrobljaste	Second person Plural
plovnih	None
estonskomu	None
dosegne	Third person Singular
zloglasnom	None
obožavaocima	None
omalovažava	Third person Singular
objašnjavaju	Third person Plural
moržu	None
tulumarijte	Second person Plural
ustanovljuju	Third person Plural
računarom	None
točnim	None
preslikavaju	Third person Plural
štemujemo	First person Plural
prizivaj	Second person Singular
saopćiste	Second person Plural
oporbi	None
popržiše	Third person Plural
kobnom	None
ori	Second person Singular
iskače	Third person Singular
opsjedne	Third person Singular
autokefalne	None
opere	Third person Singular
abonirajmo	First person Plural
krčmarah	First person Singular
atrofijom	None
kamenuju	Third person Plural
namleh	First person Singular
bele	Third person Plural
uzvikuje	Third person Singular
džihad	None
argentinskih	None
otope	Third person Plural
selektori	None
unižavam	First person Singular
vise	Third person Plural
neshvatljivome	None
svijetle	None
aktivistima	None
pomiješaju	Third person Plural
zloupotrebljava	Third person Singular
širili	None
poezijo	None
popuštaju	Third person Plural
novačim	First person Singular
studira	Third person Singular
preuzima	Third person Singular
izmišlja	Third person Singular
vježbaju	Third person Plural
verglah	First person Singular
posrnem	First person Singular
samoupravljamo	First person Plural
vodim	First person Singular
kapitalističkoj	None
lovištem	None
pripitomili	None
besprekorno	None
štićena	None
pristizahu	Third person Plural
središnjoj	None
dopreme	Third person Plural
pristižu	Third person Plural
izmamljuješ	Second person Singular
tržišnim	None
rabotaju	Third person Plural
kaznih	First person Singular
skršiše	Third person Plural
približava	Third person Singular
nerešenim	None
otplove	Third person Plural
slušaju	Third person Plural
ljube	Third person Plural
zataškasmo	First person Plural
ispituje	Third person Singular
siječnja	None
izravnao	None
poslušaju	Third person Plural
nadoknade	Third person Plural
sviraj	Second person Singular
pozornica	None
preživjeh	First person Singular
upijaju	Third person Plural
borave	Third person Plural
truje	Third person Singular
zaboravlja	Third person Singular
utapaju	Third person Plural
poklopac	None
svetkuješ	Second person Singular
doje	Third person Plural
ćešah	First person Singular
vlaže	Third person Plural
proreknite	Second person Plural
proriče	Third person Singular
trgovinski	None
uvele	None
dojim	First person Singular
zgusnuste	Second person Plural
održe	Third person Plural
tragamo	First person Plural
izrazim	First person Singular
kresnuste	Second person Plural
brbljavome	None
obijaj	Second person Singular
načine	Third person Plural
testiraju	Third person Plural
strijele	None
osloniše	Third person Plural
alpsku	None
ponose	Third person Plural
podmažem	First person Singular
predstavljaju	Third person Plural
sapere	Third person Singular
razbolevajte	Second person Plural
promatrajmo	First person Plural
usmjerava	Third person Singular
skićem	First person Singular
šalju	Third person Plural
kakofoničnijih	None
uvrebate	Second person Plural
