hrvahu	Third person Plural
blenuh	First person Singular
arbitraže	None
albaniziram	First person Singular
štuju	Third person Plural
hajku	None
oklijeva	Third person Singular
vernike	None
odazivaju	Third person Plural
nizah	First person Singular
optužiste	Second person Plural
odsutnijim	None
nasjednicama	None
izviđajte	Second person Plural
brišemo	First person Plural
stavljana	None
propadaju	Third person Plural
uvrštavaju	Third person Plural
potope	Third person Plural
најсјајнији	None
štima	Third person Singular
ubijao	None
iritiraju	Third person Plural
navodim	First person Singular
zaslone	Third person Plural
hlape	Third person Plural
pojavljuju	Third person Plural
priklanja	Third person Singular
muzu	Third person Plural
ograde	Third person Plural
objese	Third person Plural
probijaju	Third person Plural
ratujem	First person Singular
ozljeđuje	Third person Singular
bregova	None
krvare	Third person Plural
prebacim	First person Singular
tupu	None
pišite	Second person Plural
ulazim	First person Singular
opozivajte	Second person Plural
kvislinzima	None
posebnim	None
razdvajaju	Third person Plural
anticipiraju	Third person Plural
albini	None
preplašio	None
dokazivali	None
hrvasmo	First person Plural
sestrinstvo	None
spjevajte	Second person Plural
investiraju	Third person Plural
aludiraš	Second person Singular
krpu	None
sultanata	None
rastopiste	Second person Plural
jednostranih	None
zoveš	Second person Singular
izopačujemo	First person Plural
čekiram	First person Singular
snebivaj	Second person Singular
simpozijima	None
uračunavahu	Third person Plural
napiju	Third person Plural
ustaju	Third person Plural
pomišlja	Third person Singular
krakovskom	None
iskaljuje	Third person Singular
bitkom	None
groze	Third person Plural
skriveni	None
rasprodasmo	First person Plural
pošteđuje	Third person Singular
impulsa	None
ugovore	Third person Plural
nastanjujemo	First person Plural
vrisnem	First person Singular
posjete	Third person Plural
uvjeriste	Second person Plural
nasmijmo	First person Plural
neškodljivi	None
sjećam	First person Singular
učvršćuje	Third person Singular
podsmijeh	None
trigonometrijskih	None
nagovešćujem	First person Singular
potkopavaju	Third person Plural
privredom	None
rađa	Third person Singular
ujedaste	Second person Plural
najsumanutijega	None
prevlađuje	Third person Singular
uzmem	First person Singular
pogibam	First person Singular
dojavljivale	None
prožimaju	Third person Plural
očekuje	Third person Singular
nestane	Third person Singular
benzini	None
glasa	Third person Singular
nađem	First person Singular
skoče	Third person Plural
изабрани	None
kresne	Third person Singular
žara	None
okite	Third person Plural
onemoguće	Third person Plural
zbijaš	Second person Singular
uviđaste	Second person Plural
pretnje	None
pere	Third person Singular
razmjenjuje	Third person Singular
ljevicu	None
fascinirahu	Third person Plural
varam	First person Singular
nestrpljivo	None
izostanite	Second person Plural
razodjenuše	Third person Plural
najuzbudljivije	None
sukna	None
miju	Third person Plural
pješadija	None
linja	Third person Singular
prevoda	None
jamčio	None
sačekajte	Second person Plural
simbolična	None
ohrabrivali	None
zavisnoga	None
zabranim	First person Singular
shvatam	First person Singular
potapaste	Second person Plural
poljube	Third person Plural
dramatičniji	None
snimih	First person Singular
imenuju	Third person Plural
postupa	Third person Singular
ojačavaju	Third person Plural
prenosim	First person Singular
narode	Third person Plural
transportiraju	Third person Plural
iskrvare	Third person Plural
gura	Third person Singular
besede	Third person Plural
fotoaparatom	None
sinkretìzam	None
miroljubivost	None
dadoše	Third person Plural
istrebljivaste	Second person Plural
dopuste	Third person Plural
crkvi	None
labavim	First person Singular
pogibaj	Second person Singular
obeshrabruju	Third person Plural
crta	Third person Singular
pomešaše	Third person Plural
uvežu	Third person Plural
ustane	Third person Singular
prisloniste	Second person Plural
štovah	First person Singular
bahati	Third person Singular
otječu	Third person Plural
spasiš	Second person Singular
nadoknađuju	Third person Plural
zađu	Third person Plural
lijaste	Second person Plural
igumani	None
pozovi	Second person Singular
siromašni	None
oživljava	Third person Singular
punoletne	None
proučavaju	Third person Plural
brišete	Second person Plural
prerađuju	Third person Plural
seljački	None
njiše	Third person Singular
izostavljene	None
uzoraše	Third person Plural
šušte	Third person Plural
izgreda	None
udarajmo	First person Plural
slušajte	Second person Plural
njegovatelj	None
plaćasmo	First person Plural
čvrstinu	None
diktiraju	Third person Plural
nasljeđuje	Third person Singular
razumijemo	First person Plural
zatočiše	Third person Plural
sprovode	Third person Plural
tope	Third person Plural
oslone	Third person Plural
održana	None
odstrelismo	First person Plural
kursom	None
obučem	First person Singular
isključeni	None
odgovoriše	Third person Plural
poplaše	Third person Plural
pokrivaju	Third person Plural
izjave	Third person Plural
sire	Third person Plural
sašije	Third person Singular
švicarska	None
cijepajmo	First person Plural
vode	Third person Plural
jurišaj	Second person Singular
mlèkār	None
odvrćeš	Second person Singular
iskazivah	First person Singular
zapamte	Third person Plural
odmažeš	Second person Singular
ističeš	Second person Singular
mračasmo	First person Plural
recikliranjem	None
transformiraju	Third person Plural
prevladaš	Second person Singular
dospjeste	Second person Plural
letinu	None
snizuje	Third person Singular
lonce	None
nadopunjava	Third person Singular
braniš	Second person Singular
obrazuju	Third person Plural
usade	Third person Plural
zasenjivaste	Second person Plural
zameraju	Third person Plural
doprinosom	None
neprimjerenomu	None
granjavahu	Third person Plural
humorni	None
pripaja	Third person Singular
razblažujte	Second person Plural
uzletasmo	First person Plural
prisiljava	Third person Singular
glupa	None
listaju	Third person Plural
prokunete	Second person Plural
običavahu	Third person Plural
obračun	None
dovožah	First person Singular
posjećuju	Third person Plural
zaudara	Third person Singular
provjerim	First person Singular
pogledajmo	First person Plural
makovnjačom	None
ukažu	Third person Plural
smrzava	Third person Singular
smanje	Third person Plural
izađoše	Third person Plural
mešaju	Third person Plural
mirujte	Second person Plural
iznuđivano	None
strašniji	None
naiđete	Second person Plural
odsecamo	First person Plural
priljubiste	Second person Plural
nakupljaju	Third person Plural
okomita	None
uvažiše	Third person Plural
domišljah	First person Singular
promaknuste	Second person Plural
poželelo	None
pričljivost	None
zine	Third person Singular
prerušivah	First person Singular
personifikacije	None
smišljaju	Third person Plural
trese	Third person Singular
sumnjaju	Third person Plural
nastanjuje	Third person Singular
pobuđivasmo	First person Plural
brblja	Third person Singular
primetih	First person Singular
удаљен	None
sastojaka	None
kampiraste	Second person Plural
zakopava	Third person Singular
izmuzosmo	First person Plural
setiš	Second person Singular
vrača	Third person Singular
suprotstavljajte	Second person Plural
bešćutnosti	None
mukala	None
hrvački	None
zastupalo	None
mjesnih	None
kormilu	None
isplaćeni	None
uzimah	First person Singular
najnepopustljivije	None
izračunavaju	Third person Plural
operi	Second person Singular
pitaš	Second person Singular
redosled	None
sklanja	Third person Singular
krvavim	First person Singular
najzaslužnijom	None
obavestiš	Second person Singular
razapnimo	First person Plural
nezamjenjivoj	None
odsijeca	Third person Singular
proizvedeni	None
pridjev	None
olovu	None
zaračunaše	Third person Plural
ukupno	None
zaspe	Third person Plural
praznovernih	None
iskačite	Second person Plural
haram	First person Singular
tegle	Third person Plural
bezakonitomu	None
kajkavske	None
konačan	None
arhitektonskom	None
pomešajmo	First person Plural
prede	Third person Singular
upije	Third person Singular
zbunjuješ	Second person Singular
najpristupačnijom	None
potiču	Third person Plural
besedi	Third person Singular
kaže	Third person Singular
šestojanuarsku	None
sustižemo	First person Plural
osjećaju	Third person Plural
zaustavismo	First person Plural
čeka	Third person Singular
raščlanjuje	Third person Singular
prihvaća	Third person Singular
razlučuju	Third person Plural
samoupravljasmo	First person Plural
najfrivolniju	None
vojsci	None
razlabave	Third person Plural
ekranima	None
poštuju	Third person Plural
olovom	None
zaveže	Third person Singular
bezalkoholan	None
pokrenimo	First person Plural
prijatni	None
špijunira	Third person Singular
ograđujte	Second person Plural
sveže	Third person Singular
ispravak	None
bujaju	Third person Plural
udaljavate	Second person Plural
predočavaju	Third person Plural
otpijete	Second person Plural
grešnom	None
memoriju	None
napišu	Third person Plural
objahasmo	First person Plural
osiguravaju	Third person Plural
izdahnusmo	First person Plural
šaraš	Second person Singular
kostimu	None
ugrožavaj	Second person Singular
ovenčavasmo	First person Plural
nezaposlen	None
krpljaste	Second person Plural
nadam	First person Singular
užetu	None
ljubavni	None
raširio	None
uspinje	Third person Singular
odjebite	Second person Plural
dostigoh	First person Singular
brojne	None
vatrogasac	None
dupini	None
zovite	Second person Plural
ispije	Third person Singular
snađu	Third person Plural
sklapaju	Third person Plural
ozlediš	Second person Singular
smanjim	First person Singular
zakazivahu	Third person Plural
uhvatim	First person Singular
zavirim	First person Singular
suglasnik	None
aproksimiramo	First person Plural
izbavlja	Third person Singular
sprovođahu	Third person Plural
filtriraju	Third person Plural
raspodeliš	Second person Singular
grabljeni	None
odbacuje	Third person Singular
tuluma	None
izvadili	None
presretnete	Second person Plural
optužujem	First person Singular
odmotani	None
benignih	None
izgaraju	Third person Plural
mesečnom	None
plutaju	Third person Plural
dodelih	First person Singular
nastanjeno	None
netaktičnu	None
čuvaju	Third person Plural
ogrejavasmo	First person Plural
cerekamo	First person Plural
pristojnim	None
počnite	Second person Plural
žurim	First person Singular
zadivim	First person Singular
sudelujte	Second person Plural
oglodavaš	Second person Singular
podržavale	None
vraćamo	First person Plural
levici	None
zbrinuše	Third person Plural
skidam	First person Singular
nagađaju	Third person Plural
ubiru	Third person Plural
omalovažavam	First person Singular
formalnijim	None
zahvale	Third person Plural
rasrdiš	Second person Singular
fjordom	None
неприлични	None
skači	Second person Singular
zavlače	Third person Plural
imenujemo	First person Plural
posebnoj	None
propijmo	First person Plural
smemo	First person Plural
isušuje	Third person Singular
sačuvam	First person Singular
zbrisani	None
obitavaju	Third person Plural
najdjetinjastijega	None
pridodaje	Third person Singular
žaluju	Third person Plural
odrezali	None
ucenjuje	Third person Singular
zabijaju	Third person Plural
akontirahu	Third person Plural
obavještavaju	Third person Plural
dostupni	None
vara	Third person Singular
miniraju	Third person Plural
upravlja	Third person Singular
salonu	None
posađivasmo	First person Plural
plašim	First person Singular
najključnijoj	None
naglašavali	None
oličavam	First person Singular
utješiše	Third person Plural
limunovoj	None
napomene	Third person Singular
autoricom	None
završe	Third person Plural
najvažnijom	None
uzeše	Third person Plural
spaljuje	Third person Singular
pretražuju	Third person Plural
znakovito	None
upišete	Second person Plural
postignu	Third person Plural
degradiramo	First person Plural
prerasti	Second person Singular
potvrdu	None
rupičastijemu	None
zovu	Third person Plural
zataškaju	Third person Plural
vozaju	Third person Plural
identitete	None
inerciju	None
slučajno	None
trebaš	Second person Singular
prestraše	Third person Plural
iseljene	None
naude	Third person Plural
šopaju	Third person Plural
uzgajale	None
neodlučna	None
prikupile	None
raspadnite	Second person Plural
pričamo	First person Plural
pouzdanju	None
uviđate	Second person Plural
krij	Second person Singular
raspada	Third person Singular
zamakni	Second person Singular
pokažu	Third person Plural
najbržih	None
izbirljivih	None
spoznaje	Third person Singular
naseljavaju	Third person Plural
grčkim	None
ćera	Third person Singular
pošalji	Second person Singular
konačnom	None
tiskovina	None
garantuju	Third person Plural
zloupotrebljavah	First person Singular
ukorenjujete	Second person Plural
lepe	Third person Plural
verujete	Second person Plural
transformaciju	None
bilježnici	None
raspadasmo	First person Plural
krklja	Third person Singular
derivacija	None
kese	Third person Plural
gradivo	None
pobede	Third person Plural
otpadaju	Third person Plural
prislanja	Third person Singular
porabe	None
niži	Second person Singular
servisu	None
priseže	Third person Singular
saberu	Third person Plural
prijetim	First person Singular
sagorijeva	Third person Singular
почетни	None
održavate	Second person Plural
izrađuje	Third person Singular
sini	Second person Singular
iskopavaju	Third person Plural
vječnost	None
bere	Third person Singular
postojana	None
nada	Third person Singular
paleozoik	None
klizah	First person Singular
primiste	Second person Plural
bockaste	Second person Plural
asketizam	None
kozarima	None
neznalica	None
stručnom	None
odbace	Third person Plural
pòdrškī	None
ekavski	None
ocenjene	None
kliče	Third person Singular
napomeni	Second person Singular
najavljuju	Third person Plural
ohrabruju	Third person Plural
tražim	First person Singular
postanem	First person Singular
zaspaste	Second person Plural
trebam	First person Singular
trodimenzionalnom	None
nivou	None
seri	Second person Singular
rotacijskoj	None
opicom	None
veruješ	Second person Singular
omogućujemo	First person Plural
arbitražu	None
vladajuće	None
kartonske	None
desetljeću	None
slavnijim	None
uvlače	Third person Plural
utvare	None
iskradeš	Second person Singular
uvijete	Second person Plural
nadvladaju	Third person Plural
bizaran	None
haba	Third person Singular
impregniram	First person Singular
otpadoste	Second person Plural
utekne	Third person Singular
presahnjujmo	First person Plural
univerziteti	None
kozmetičkom	None
zadate	Second person Plural
trolejbusu	None
oživiše	Third person Plural
sjedim	First person Singular
smetahu	Third person Plural
ošiša	Third person Singular
oličavaju	Third person Plural
gomila	Third person Singular
skreće	Third person Singular
šljakaš	Second person Singular
kultnih	None
zadarskih	None
decembarska	None
vije	Third person Singular
ponove	Third person Plural
njiši	Second person Singular
odvrneš	Second person Singular
odvijemo	First person Plural
ispadaju	Third person Plural
porekne	Third person Singular
sazivaju	Third person Plural
nametne	Third person Singular
komparativima	None
izmamljivala	None
secesijom	None
penje	Third person Singular
htedoše	Third person Plural
optužuje	Third person Singular
prostire	Third person Singular
uzmi	Second person Singular
baciste	Second person Plural
uspostavljaju	Third person Plural
zamijenjeno	None
unakazim	First person Singular
smiluj	Second person Singular
pojačaš	Second person Singular
zaglave	Third person Plural
šnjofam	First person Singular
kršiš	Second person Singular
maslima	None
nađemo	First person Plural
opažahu	Third person Plural
upijani	None
zapečem	First person Singular
menja	Third person Singular
zabrzavahu	Third person Plural
sumnjičilo	None
pišemo	First person Plural
patricijski	None
rajskih	None
sakuplja	Third person Singular
nabijaju	Third person Plural
beljasmo	First person Plural
artiljerijski	None
ispire	Third person Singular
bolujem	First person Singular
središe	Third person Plural
glasamo	First person Plural
vjere	Third person Plural
baštine	Third person Plural
škriljca	None
zadržim	First person Singular
pritisnemo	First person Plural
pozovete	Second person Plural
preseljavajmo	First person Plural
opne	None
žalošćasmo	First person Plural
začaraše	Third person Plural
izbrisaste	Second person Plural
zagrije	Third person Singular
razbolevate	Second person Plural
prevoze	Third person Plural
posrnimo	First person Plural
ismijte	Second person Plural
muknuste	Second person Plural
ispitaju	Third person Plural
zasjenjuje	Third person Singular
odjekuju	Third person Plural
prognaju	Third person Plural
iznenađujmo	First person Plural
zija	Third person Singular
raspravljamo	First person Plural
spušta	Third person Singular
usmeravah	First person Singular
kuha	Third person Singular
osete	Third person Plural
искуствен	None
isteraju	Third person Plural
razumijete	Second person Plural
oplemenjuju	Third person Plural
čestitamo	First person Plural
animiraju	Third person Plural
najekonomičnijima	None
osiromašuje	Third person Singular
dominiraju	Third person Plural
opovrgne	Third person Singular
kolonijalne	None
trebljasmo	First person Plural
odevahu	Third person Plural
javljate	Second person Plural
damom	None
stapaju	Third person Plural
lažu	Third person Plural
tendencijom	None
svani	Second person Singular
batinaš	Second person Singular
ljuljuškam	First person Singular
slika	Third person Singular
pričinjavate	Second person Plural
ublažismo	First person Plural
iglom	None
duva	Third person Singular
oplođuje	Third person Singular
jurišaste	Second person Plural
šume	Third person Plural
skokovi	None
vjenčavaju	Third person Plural
prihvaćala	None
naseljava	Third person Singular
ispravlja	Third person Singular
tjera	Third person Singular
oplovim	First person Singular
sastaje	Third person Singular
zlostavljah	First person Singular
drugovima	None
pravljah	First person Singular
lišavaju	Third person Plural
maknuh	First person Singular
suprotstavljaju	Third person Plural
stvaraju	Third person Plural
raspravih	First person Singular
učim	First person Singular
urezuje	Third person Singular
jenjava	Third person Singular
nateruje	Third person Singular
organizatoru	None
reciklira	Third person Singular
iskašljaj	Second person Singular
iskoristismo	First person Plural
noći	Third person Singular
piše	Third person Singular
početke	None
predela	None
rovova	None
pripadnicu	None
humornom	None
sadrže	Third person Plural
nedovoljnim	None
umetničkoj	None
hvale	Third person Plural
obaspimo	First person Plural
pridobiva	Third person Singular
potkupljuj	Second person Singular
zastoru	None
славни	None
dosadne	None
pijmo	First person Plural
iskališ	Second person Singular
sređen	None
apsurdnu	None
pakirah	First person Singular
zgrijete	Second person Plural
sagoreva	Third person Singular
izbjegoše	Third person Plural
seminar	None
iracionalnim	None
pomoćno	None
vatu	None
telesnim	None
temeljnoga	None
mašu	Third person Plural
velškim	None
umire	Third person Singular
rasprodate	Second person Plural
razarača	None
sabere	Third person Singular
krpe	Third person Plural
ravnopravni	None
liznuh	First person Singular
presuđuju	Third person Plural
slaganje	None
zablistala	None
muljevitom	None
uzjaše	Third person Singular
natjeraju	Third person Plural
samljevene	None
zabada	Third person Singular
ugalj	None
dostavlja	Third person Singular
nazivamo	First person Plural
dražaste	Second person Plural
reagiraju	Third person Plural
podržavaju	Third person Plural
neskromniju	None
razumem	First person Singular
dobih	First person Singular
ukopaš	Second person Singular
zobasmo	First person Plural
najritmičnijoj	None
poste	Third person Plural
kockasti	None
zahvaćate	Second person Plural
duvaju	Third person Plural
sapunica	None
odmorismo	First person Plural
razotkrije	Third person Singular
ostvare	Third person Plural
posreduje	Third person Singular
izljubih	First person Singular
dopune	Third person Plural
apliciraju	Third person Plural
utičimo	First person Plural
znatiželja	None
crpu	Third person Plural
raspadne	Third person Singular
snivaju	Third person Plural
postanete	Second person Plural
zabranjuju	Third person Plural
crtaju	Third person Plural
nabija	Third person Singular
cimnusmo	First person Plural
probuđena	None
pozdravio	None
radničkim	None
križaj	Second person Singular
odamo	First person Plural
određujemo	First person Plural
istražene	None
opredjeljuju	Third person Plural
priklanjaju	Third person Plural
ohlađivasmo	First person Plural
izboren	None
odgodiše	Third person Plural
preformuliraju	Third person Plural
prevare	Third person Plural
krvnu	None
novčić	None
odlutaše	Third person Plural
opsjeda	Third person Singular
utičemo	First person Plural
razjediniše	Third person Plural
opterećuje	Third person Singular
detelinom	None
svideste	Second person Plural
stižemo	First person Plural
gibraltarskima	None
predlažem	First person Singular
izbjegava	Third person Singular
skupocjenu	None
poviješ	Second person Singular
daunloudaš	Second person Singular
dobiva	Third person Singular
približe	Third person Plural
namičeš	Second person Singular
kaži	Second person Singular
pročitavaju	Third person Plural
tepeš	Second person Singular
odobrih	First person Singular
začuđuje	Third person Singular
dere	Third person Singular
svakodnevnom	None
odjeljuju	Third person Plural
uvučene	None
poremetila	None
bale	Third person Plural
urednoga	None
zaustave	Third person Plural
uvezah	First person Singular
bujnoj	None
zađem	First person Singular
tužnom	None
upropaštava	Third person Singular
pomisle	Third person Plural
sunčaju	Third person Plural
proterivahu	Third person Plural
dotiskujete	Second person Plural
crtahu	Third person Plural
korištenje	None
listamo	First person Plural
laje	Third person Singular
sulundar	None
rasjedom	None
octe	None
sjedinjavalo	None
pridobiju	Third person Plural
vješaju	Third person Plural
pevajte	Second person Plural
kristološki	None
starce	None
tupe	Third person Plural
sezonskoj	None
odvrnuše	Third person Plural
savijaju	Third person Plural
propovednici	None
dobivamo	First person Plural
krajnika	None
biglišemo	First person Plural
događa	Third person Singular
svira	Third person Singular
zračio	None
isele	Third person Plural
prepoznajemo	First person Plural
konfliktu	None
akumuliraju	Third person Plural
brinete	Second person Plural
draguljima	None
izdahnite	Second person Plural
čapaš	Second person Singular
hlađahu	Third person Plural
okupljaš	Second person Singular
tiskaju	Third person Plural
snimaju	Third person Plural
prisiljavani	None
razmnože	Third person Plural
nadmašim	First person Singular
smjerove	None
prevode	Third person Plural
trsko	None
ukunimo	First person Plural
nauče	Third person Plural
pročitano	None
pretio	None
osiguramo	First person Plural
konstitutivnu	None
minerale	None
sune	Third person Singular
prodirimo	First person Plural
dobijemo	First person Plural
istaknut	None
otpada	Third person Singular
jadikuje	Third person Singular
aklimatizaciju	None
kvario	None
okujte	Second person Plural
žanjimo	First person Plural
dočekaju	Third person Plural
savezniku	None
suni	Second person Singular
uzbudiste	Second person Plural
nemamo	First person Plural
kreditne	None
budale	Third person Plural
kasam	First person Singular
porobljavajmo	First person Plural
šivate	Second person Plural
vriskasmo	First person Plural
umara	Third person Singular
položih	First person Singular
najakutnijom	None
razvijaju	Third person Plural
namjerna	None
sluša	Third person Singular
zaljubljuje	Third person Singular
ponudiš	Second person Singular
prevarene	None
vraćam	First person Singular
bližim	First person Singular
papirusu	None
odsječeni	None
utrkuje	Third person Singular
obiju	Third person Plural
predamo	First person Plural
baja	Third person Singular
komore	None
ukleta	None
dohvatim	First person Singular
podmazuju	Third person Plural
tumaraj	Second person Singular
isterujmo	First person Plural
pornografskim	None
cepnete	Second person Plural
popisaše	Third person Plural
posjetismo	First person Plural
radujte	Second person Plural
daš	Second person Singular
označavala	None
priznavano	None
željezničku	None
ispušemo	First person Plural
omalovažavajmo	First person Plural
združuje	Third person Singular
brukan	None
okružuje	Third person Singular
pričam	First person Singular
građankama	None
upitaše	Third person Plural
trljaju	Third person Plural
pivama	None
misionara	None
zaređivasmo	First person Plural
lelekah	First person Singular
birokraciji	None
zatekle	None
počnimo	First person Plural
unižavasmo	First person Plural
prihvatiše	Third person Plural
skreći	Second person Singular
naježe	Third person Plural
proglašavaju	Third person Plural
prigovaram	First person Singular
istražuju	Third person Plural
razmenjivahu	Third person Plural
proradiš	Second person Singular
razglaba	Third person Singular
zabadasmo	First person Plural
lažeš	Second person Singular
sukobljavaju	Third person Plural
cepaju	Third person Plural
dičah	First person Singular
spekuliraju	Third person Plural
križa	Third person Singular
oholjaste	Second person Plural
specificiraju	Third person Plural
zelenilu	None
čezne	Third person Singular
gurne	Third person Singular
venčaju	Third person Plural
troše	Third person Plural
zahtijeva	Third person Singular
istupa	Third person Singular
krojio	None
teleskopa	None
obaveštena	None
vežbaju	Third person Plural
otkopavasmo	First person Plural
