obostranih	None
istupam	First person Singular
prisniji	None
zamrzavajmo	First person Plural
pomuzoste	Second person Plural
vereš	Second person Singular
utočištem	None
lȋmfa	None
čekate	Second person Plural
sipe	Third person Plural
šećernim	None
fitilj	None
vozio	None
strugnusmo	First person Plural
pregrađuje	Third person Singular
prijateljevahu	Third person Plural
drugim	None
osiromašivaste	Second person Plural
mladunčetu	None
savršenstvu	None
kvase	Third person Plural
hladnoratovski	None
izmakne	Third person Singular
pružaju	Third person Plural
izostajasmo	First person Plural
čuvamo	First person Plural
savije	Third person Singular
bogoslovci	None
brine	Third person Singular
prska	Third person Singular
kliču	Third person Plural
odleđivasmo	First person Plural
sumnjiče	Third person Plural
opsedaju	Third person Plural
oporezovaše	Third person Plural
raspoređuju	Third person Plural
dresiramo	First person Plural
izostavljaju	Third person Plural
knjižaru	None
laska	Third person Singular
uviđajte	Second person Plural
posvete	Third person Plural
odškrine	Third person Singular
pupahu	Third person Plural
prijavljuje	Third person Singular
sȋpā	None
odobre	Third person Plural
masiv	None
pomnožiše	Third person Plural
jedine	Third person Plural
kruže	Third person Plural
tehničari	None
porobljava	Third person Singular
progovore	Third person Plural
lažljivaca	None
povjeruje	Third person Singular
nadograđuju	Third person Plural
dopremaju	Third person Plural
ispravljam	First person Singular
dizalice	None
promrse	Third person Plural
omladine	None
vojujte	Second person Plural
najzlokobnijoj	None
šljaka	Third person Singular
ulizuj	Second person Singular
kránovi	None
zavezaste	Second person Plural
obrane	Third person Plural
omogućuje	Third person Singular
obećavam	First person Singular
ornitolozi	None
počinjem	First person Singular
pođi	Second person Singular
bes	None
raspodeljuj	Second person Singular
pogledi	None
dadoh	First person Singular
prelome	Third person Plural
zauzdava	Third person Singular
telefonima	None
proglašavam	First person Singular
obasjava	Third person Singular
ukrcava	Third person Singular
oligarhe	None
izvrše	Third person Plural
mire	Third person Plural
jačaju	Third person Plural
izopačim	First person Singular
zaustavljaju	Third person Plural
prsnute	None
sišu	Third person Plural
popuštala	None
mlazove	None
preživljavaju	Third person Plural
probiju	Third person Plural
pristupaju	Third person Plural
podrežu	Third person Plural
užurbanostima	None
brzaj	Second person Singular
nerazborito	None
usmena	None
susrećemo	First person Plural
slave	Third person Plural
dirhemom	None
pokazuju	Third person Plural
skupocjenome	None
sete	Third person Plural
uštineš	Second person Singular
odmiču	Third person Plural
menjamo	First person Plural
vonjah	First person Singular
spoznajemo	First person Plural
podučavaste	Second person Plural
prijateljevao	None
neznalicom	None
obmanuše	Third person Plural
prepoznasmo	First person Plural
snabdijevajte	Second person Plural
pokrije	Third person Singular
nukleusa	None
izmigolje	Third person Plural
traje	Third person Singular
iznuđuje	Third person Singular
preseljene	None
pevači	None
vještaci	None
ubacuju	Third person Plural
čalabrcneš	Second person Singular
prestaje	Third person Singular
administrativnim	None
okruže	Third person Plural
povedu	Third person Plural
pogled	None
preotima	Third person Singular
raspršiste	Second person Plural
preporučuje	Third person Singular
brala	None
dvojim	First person Singular
tvrde	Third person Plural
opijen	None
sužava	Third person Singular
poslijepodneva	None
čalabrcnemo	First person Plural
zamjenicom	None
odmaraju	Third person Plural
pridrijemasmo	First person Plural
useljena	None
cijelim	First person Singular
trošni	None
podcrtavaš	Second person Singular
poprave	Third person Plural
pobjeđuju	Third person Plural
poklone	Third person Plural
triba	Third person Singular
sere	Third person Singular
duboka	None
usmeravaju	Third person Plural
svetskom	None
odrežeš	Second person Singular
bičujmo	First person Plural
провокативни	None
utječem	First person Singular
najpitoresknija	None
ljudsko	None
fantoma	None
iskazivalo	None
pogledajte	Second person Plural
zabunkeriraš	Second person Singular
tonete	Second person Plural
sabiraste	Second person Plural
speci	Second person Singular
dodajete	Second person Plural
učinkovitije	None
najbitnije	None
poseduju	Third person Plural
oktobru	None
preskače	Third person Singular
usporavasmo	First person Plural
uvažava	Third person Singular
sapunima	None
osećaja	None
rođenim	None
poremete	Third person Plural
zapažasmo	First person Plural
natapaju	Third person Plural
majoneza	None
izađete	Second person Plural
otkaže	Third person Singular
stvaranje	None
napada	Third person Singular
zastane	Third person Singular
nalazili	None
shvaćajmo	First person Plural
pritvaraj	Second person Singular
nariču	Third person Plural
izlažu	Third person Plural
vlažnost	None
ismejavaj	Second person Singular
čovječje	None
transformirala	None
šunja	Third person Singular
jurcajte	Second person Plural
zagrijavajmo	First person Plural
oholjahu	Third person Plural
bijedne	None
uvijate	Second person Plural
bore	Third person Plural
odgovorima	None
pogledam	First person Singular
šaltaš	Second person Singular
astronautom	None
prvenstvenim	None
namjeravaju	Third person Plural
šokirala	None
napravim	First person Singular
uspe	Third person Singular
nahranili	None
postajama	None
zadirkuju	Third person Plural
odgovaraj	Second person Singular
osporavaj	Second person Singular
smišlja	Third person Singular
sprijatelje	Third person Plural
ograničavaju	Third person Plural
tonemo	First person Plural
jednorogu	None
rvah	First person Singular
priklanjate	Second person Plural
kolebamo	First person Plural
skladasmo	First person Plural
hajmo	First person Plural
proglašene	None
praznuje	Third person Singular
dodate	Second person Plural
proteruje	Third person Singular
sazrevaju	Third person Plural
nepouzdanost	None
antiklinale	None
nevelik	None
pretapaju	Third person Plural
zijah	First person Singular
oruđu	None
uspavljuje	Third person Singular
spominjem	First person Singular
uvuku	Third person Plural
reguliraju	Third person Plural
izuzmu	Third person Plural
naoružavasmo	First person Plural
napuštaju	Third person Plural
nalaze	Third person Plural
usmeravao	None
cijevnoj	None
pređoše	Third person Plural
prigušuju	Third person Plural
odjahao	None
dezertiraš	Second person Singular
ulepšava	Third person Singular
kucnule	None
najsvjetliju	None
upoznajemo	First person Plural
napate	Third person Plural
populariziramo	First person Plural
izostavlja	Third person Singular
prozovemo	First person Plural
vrisne	Third person Singular
poligoni	None
daruju	Third person Plural
supstrate	None
obasjavaju	Third person Plural
doktoru	None
efektnim	None
prisilni	None
kliže	Third person Singular
asfaltiraš	Second person Singular
prtljaga	None
nedužnim	None
izbjegne	Third person Singular
raspolažemo	First person Plural
stavljaju	Third person Plural
poteru	None
povezuju	Third person Plural
presijecaju	Third person Plural
reprezentativnome	None
rješavaju	Third person Plural
spiralne	None
smenjivah	First person Singular
vjeruj	Second person Singular
svrstavaste	Second person Plural
pojačava	Third person Singular
isekoste	Second person Plural
prosperirao	None
preteraste	Second person Plural
razjarivah	First person Singular
biglišeš	Second person Singular
izbjegavate	Second person Plural
zabavljaju	Third person Plural
sade	Third person Plural
dragamo	First person Plural
pregrijavajte	Second person Plural
sabire	Third person Singular
lokva	None
izvještavala	None
међусобни	None
čezni	Second person Singular
kampirate	Second person Plural
zagrijavaju	Third person Plural
profesiju	None
krkljahu	Third person Plural
izdate	Second person Plural
viškom	None
provere	Third person Plural
salate	None
impresiju	None
odrasti	Second person Singular
odvija	Third person Singular
nasrće	Third person Singular
isporučuje	Third person Singular
nabavljaju	Third person Plural
omofor	None
opasivahu	Third person Plural
peca	Third person Singular
sanjaju	Third person Plural
bilježe	Third person Plural
opremahu	Third person Plural
kampanji	None
naručuje	Third person Singular
preporučujete	Second person Plural
siluje	Third person Singular
barijerama	None
sniva	Third person Singular
pripišemo	First person Plural
kompleksni	None
fakinaže	None
najumišljenijoj	None
helikopteri	None
obradismo	First person Plural
naslikam	First person Singular
podmazah	First person Singular
prepolovljujemo	First person Plural
bistre	Third person Plural
razmotasmo	First person Plural
pomešaju	Third person Plural
porobljivahu	Third person Plural
razgrižeš	Second person Singular
tepa	Third person Singular
dezerter	None
dostignu	Third person Plural
brkahu	Third person Plural
prodavahu	Third person Plural
bukovini	None
oštete	Third person Plural
začinje	Third person Singular
blica	None
brisasmo	First person Plural
odsijecajte	Second person Plural
dođu	Third person Plural
tove	Third person Plural
ljute	Third person Plural
tekuća	None
zapekoste	Second person Plural
mekša	Third person Singular
kreće	Third person Singular
maksimuma	None
izmišljasmo	First person Plural
otapahu	Third person Plural
skidahu	Third person Plural
najlačnija	None
neopravdanom	None
kritizira	Third person Singular
meli	None
prisluškuje	Third person Singular
nižimo	First person Plural
poprima	Third person Singular
najpoželjniji	None
zabuše	Third person Plural
potraje	Third person Singular
mješovito	None
uhapse	Third person Plural
pomiluje	Third person Singular
olujno	None
crtaš	Second person Singular
likvidiraju	Third person Plural
bankarskomu	None
razaznaje	Third person Singular
poklanja	Third person Singular
isprah	First person Singular
zgrizla	None
izgledaju	Third person Plural
otkrivamo	First person Plural
pomilujemo	First person Plural
poštanskim	None
ovlašćujmo	First person Plural
divim	First person Singular
pamtivek	None
poštuješ	Second person Singular
sumnja	Third person Singular
čudiš	Second person Singular
nazovi	Second person Singular
raznosače	None
čekaš	Second person Singular
favorita	None
zagrade	Third person Plural
ugrađuju	Third person Plural
štite	Third person Plural
kotrljaju	Third person Plural
nabrajaš	Second person Singular
iziskuje	Third person Singular
ustvrđuje	Third person Singular
genom	None
besprimernih	None
sitniš	Second person Singular
brza	Third person Singular
pošaljite	Second person Plural
doživljavasmo	First person Plural
ulaguješ	Second person Singular
operem	First person Singular
smenjuje	Third person Singular
snabdevaju	Third person Plural
paginirate	Second person Plural
raseljava	Third person Singular
promašena	None
nakupljamo	First person Plural
eparhiju	None
најсрамотнији	None
pozovu	Third person Plural
pristanu	Third person Plural
nagovještava	Third person Singular
obrću	Third person Plural
otputuju	Third person Plural
tepamo	First person Plural
zbunili	None
sagorjesmo	First person Plural
gasnu	Third person Plural
hrvate	Second person Plural
otpušta	Third person Singular
udare	Third person Plural
prikuplja	Third person Singular
snabdijeva	Third person Singular
doznaste	Second person Plural
isijecajmo	First person Plural
verujte	Second person Plural
glancajmo	First person Plural
zavezivaste	Second person Plural
odzvanjaju	Third person Plural
dirajmo	First person Plural
svode	Third person Plural
razmnažajte	Second person Plural
razmišljam	First person Singular
pomogoste	Second person Plural
sjetim	First person Singular
sakupljaju	Third person Plural
ispiru	Third person Plural
srćete	Second person Plural
dezinficirahu	Third person Plural
renoviraju	Third person Plural
zadržavaju	Third person Plural
usavršavaju	Third person Plural
zabavlja	Third person Singular
razmeće	Third person Singular
obrade	Third person Plural
razbjegao	None
zahteva	Third person Singular
razgovaram	First person Singular
vjetreuške	None
prestanem	First person Singular
klikni	Second person Singular
uspijevaju	Third person Plural
omogućivasmo	First person Plural
označavamo	First person Plural
okončava	Third person Singular
upale	Third person Plural
čuvam	First person Singular
probada	Third person Singular
podudara	Third person Singular
rasekoste	Second person Plural
povraćajte	Second person Plural
treseš	Second person Singular
preuzme	Third person Singular
криминалистички	None
neslogu	None
pedagoške	None
marljivo	None
dunimo	First person Plural
otkriju	Third person Plural
napijte	Second person Plural
tresijahu	Third person Plural
egzistencijalni	None
zalijeva	Third person Singular
pripovijedaju	Third person Plural
obezglavih	First person Singular
bilje	None
balistički	None
domišljate	Second person Plural
obećavaš	Second person Singular
nailažah	First person Singular
lidere	None
suzbija	Third person Singular
brusio	None
mešavina	None
rasprodaju	Third person Plural
konsonante	None
gipsu	None
janje	Third person Plural
glagoljaj	Second person Singular
pričaš	Second person Singular
porode	Third person Plural
izgonjahu	Third person Plural
čitaj	Second person Singular
opisujemo	First person Plural
napadoše	Third person Plural
nabavlja	Third person Singular
nacionalno	None
резолутан	None
pretpostave	Third person Plural
preuzmu	Third person Plural
kartone	None
uspeva	Third person Singular
teramo	First person Plural
biciklističke	None
zaborave	Third person Plural
adjustirah	First person Singular
дељив	None
opstanu	Third person Plural
odškrinimo	First person Plural
kineskom	None
zgadim	First person Singular
zablokirajte	Second person Plural
izbjegni	Second person Singular
pritiska	Third person Singular
ispuštaste	Second person Plural
posrće	Third person Singular
lire	None
obavežemo	First person Plural
najdrevnije	None
ocjenjivasmo	First person Plural
ligu	None
čeda	None
izbriše	Third person Singular
nadahnjujem	First person Singular
obuku	Third person Plural
težišta	None
dijelim	First person Singular
nespremne	None
kotrljaste	Second person Plural
najprimitivnijega	None
biva	Third person Singular
statistici	None
afirmacijom	None
speluje	Third person Singular
prilaze	Third person Plural
najapsurdnijom	None
meteorologija	None
pušta	Third person Singular
predviđamo	First person Plural
učvrste	Third person Plural
perem	First person Singular
otkidaju	Third person Plural
izbegava	Third person Singular
predijahu	Third person Plural
egzaktnoj	None
lȁvu	None
barijeru	None
sređuje	Third person Singular
srde	Third person Plural
mijenjamo	First person Plural
pripadale	None
razblažuju	Third person Plural
roditeljskoj	None
cvokoću	Third person Plural
otpadaj	Second person Singular
ostvaruje	Third person Singular
prestala	None
proždere	Third person Singular
deblo	None
cisternama	None
zaplašiš	Second person Singular
pokušavamo	First person Plural
odrekne	Third person Singular
pokušavam	First person Singular
sliži	Second person Singular
primaknuste	Second person Plural
snađoste	Second person Plural
inicijator	None
priznajemo	First person Plural
bješnje	None
ostvarih	First person Singular
tepite	Second person Plural
kovan	None
ostavljaj	Second person Singular
prepirite	Second person Plural
devijacija	None
bolovanje	None
naručujem	First person Singular
opterećuješ	Second person Singular
odrodim	First person Singular
dogovaraju	Third person Plural
skupim	First person Singular
postavljaju	Third person Plural
opkladi	None
hihotaste	Second person Plural
potapa	Third person Singular
stvaraš	Second person Singular
preokrene	Third person Singular
suoče	Third person Plural
potvrđuje	Third person Singular
neprihvatljiva	None
podvale	Third person Plural
najuporabivijoj	None
ubacuje	Third person Singular
nastavljam	First person Singular
dosađuju	Third person Plural
kotrljaš	Second person Singular
ubrizgava	Third person Singular
križaju	Third person Plural
isterujte	Second person Plural
polaskajmo	First person Plural
varate	Second person Plural
najnezgodniji	None
udišemo	First person Plural
hibridno	None
osvetili	None
šmrče	Third person Singular
preživeli	None
kriještahu	Third person Plural
laj	Second person Singular
veslaj	Second person Singular
vezujemo	First person Plural
naviknemo	First person Plural
nagrdiste	Second person Plural
opčiniste	Second person Plural
najavljuje	Third person Singular
termodinamikom	None
pretvore	Third person Plural
saseca	Third person Singular
pregovara	Third person Singular
primenjuju	Third person Plural
odjebi	Second person Singular
izvješćuju	Third person Plural
vraćaju	Third person Plural
stigne	Third person Singular
jahasmo	First person Plural
kasnim	First person Singular
dalji	None
izbiju	Third person Plural
porasti	Second person Singular
eksplodiraju	Third person Plural
povlače	Third person Plural
ruje	Third person Singular
blatili	None
hijerarhiji	None
zločinca	None
stvaramo	First person Plural
razlaže	Third person Singular
zatruje	Third person Singular
počnu	Third person Plural
grabe	Third person Plural
dobivajte	Second person Plural
najvalovitijoj	None
izbrbljana	None
teleološka	None
crknem	First person Singular
impertinentnome	None
čapasmo	First person Plural
foajea	None
obostrano	None
ističem	First person Singular
potpišete	Second person Plural
kovače	None
smješta	Third person Singular
паучји	None
obrazovao	None
planiram	First person Singular
prebijahu	Third person Plural
trkača	None
spekulativnim	None
ubrizgavajte	Second person Plural
uračunamo	First person Plural
naljute	Third person Plural
prelistavaj	Second person Singular
progovorih	First person Singular
razara	Third person Singular
kapa	Third person Singular
obiluje	Third person Singular
smatraju	Third person Plural
zaprljaše	Third person Plural
bljeska	Third person Singular
neosjetljiv	None
poriču	Third person Plural
priušćujem	First person Singular
obred	None
svukoše	Third person Plural
potvrde	Third person Plural
udaljava	Third person Singular
razvežite	Second person Plural
turpijahu	Third person Plural
komuniciraju	Third person Plural
razmećimo	First person Plural
brijahu	Third person Plural
koriste	Third person Plural
pridošlice	None
efektivnu	None
plodnicu	None
osećahu	Third person Plural
zaklinju	Third person Plural
nahrane	Third person Plural
upalih	First person Singular
brodogradnje	None
podloga	None
odstraniste	Second person Plural
obaraste	Second person Plural
kosiri	None
korišćaste	Second person Plural
bizmutima	None
rasplamsavale	None
izbegnu	Third person Plural
izgovaramo	First person Plural
ukrašava	Third person Singular
opada	Third person Singular
priličasmo	First person Plural
udara	Third person Singular
nadoknađuje	Third person Singular
dopunjeni	None
odjeljuje	Third person Singular
koaliciju	None
zauzmu	Third person Plural
opovrgava	Third person Singular
prošetaste	Second person Plural
buru	None
odustane	Third person Singular
razvodim	First person Singular
broš	None
ispletite	Second person Plural
riješismo	First person Plural
uvlačila	None
pobadaj	Second person Singular
vračam	First person Singular
načujte	Second person Plural
oživeste	Second person Plural
kurvasmo	First person Plural
uzgaja	Third person Singular
sokole	Third person Plural
ugibam	First person Singular
brišu	Third person Plural
privezah	First person Singular
naglašavam	First person Singular
točku	None
selekciju	None
izvestiše	Third person Plural
pljuštate	Second person Plural
boluje	Third person Singular
talogu	None
prevrćimo	First person Plural
psovaste	Second person Plural
podučavaju	Third person Plural
investicijama	None
moraju	Third person Plural
udomljuje	Third person Singular
umiru	Third person Plural
ukrcaju	Third person Plural
obrće	Third person Singular
imitiraste	Second person Plural
ruralne	None
drže	Third person Plural
gliste	None
otima	Third person Singular
atraktivni	None
potkrepljuje	Third person Singular
snimamo	First person Plural
razoružate	Second person Plural
utvrđuju	Third person Plural
varijacijom	None
odmicasmo	First person Plural
neposrednije	None
ubija	Third person Singular
utičeš	Second person Singular
ženskoga	None
nagrnimo	First person Plural
leopardi	None
isporučivasmo	First person Plural
opterećivahu	Third person Plural
obračunala	None
izabire	Third person Singular
sišemo	First person Plural
trlja	Third person Singular
očekujem	First person Singular
ubiri	Second person Singular
најрјеђи	None
nagrade	Third person Plural
najozbiljnije	None
pokopaju	Third person Plural
ubrizgate	Second person Plural
šamane	None
predizbornu	None
pustih	First person Singular
misijama	None
burna	None
bugarimo	First person Plural
umiri	Second person Singular
sinem	First person Singular
dokazuje	Third person Singular
ocjenjuje	Third person Singular
dunuste	Second person Plural
kalio	None
prevrnuše	Third person Plural
vjerojatnijoj	None
poverljivo	None
krivulja	Third person Singular
prikriju	Third person Plural
popišu	Third person Plural
stavljah	First person Singular
osvježavaste	Second person Plural
vijeća	Third person Singular
lošom	None
kesu	None
slamaste	Second person Plural
okrive	Third person Plural
palio	None
tupim	First person Singular
sližu	Third person Plural
odsijeku	Third person Plural
trepere	Third person Plural
sevdah	None
alkoholiziram	First person Singular
razumije	Third person Singular
službenoj	None
leče	Third person Plural
upiši	Second person Singular
zakleše	Third person Plural
reše	Third person Plural
sintetičkom	None
prevrću	Third person Plural
noće	Third person Plural
ispostavljate	Second person Plural
crvenokos	None
diskordijanizma	None
uveravate	Second person Plural
dopisuje	Third person Singular
otplivasmo	First person Plural
rastjeruje	Third person Singular
spremate	Second person Plural
udaje	Third person Singular
provjere	Third person Plural
zavode	Third person Plural
izbuših	First person Singular
ontologije	None
lišajevima	None
stabilnom	None
povrate	Third person Plural
bugarismo	First person Plural
zaštite	Third person Plural
infekcija	None
slinavu	None
pomogoh	First person Singular
životniju	None
usuđujmo	First person Plural
laži	Second person Singular
zapošljavani	None
ostvarena	None
odziva	Third person Singular
šljakate	Second person Plural
podmažimo	First person Plural
anatomskoj	None
zavedu	Third person Plural
kurčim	First person Singular
razlučujte	Second person Plural
iskazalo	None
inspiriraju	Third person Plural
čarobne	None
časnicima	None
биготан	None
toaletu	None
zaklanja	Third person Singular
najodvratniji	None
italijanski	None
snijeg	None
izbijam	First person Singular
urote	Third person Plural
celokupna	None
pretpostavljaju	Third person Plural
izrađujmo	First person Plural
sušio	None
uđi	Second person Singular
utočišta	None
komunikacijama	None
šatrovačkomu	None
vjeruješ	Second person Singular
dozvoljavaju	Third person Plural
raširujemo	First person Plural
dotrčavaš	Second person Singular
zabrljah	First person Singular
predvideli	None
smeste	Third person Plural
čupaju	Third person Plural
kote	Third person Plural
suzuje	Third person Singular
zaključe	Third person Plural
oprah	First person Singular
protokolom	None
latinsku	None
razabire	Third person Singular
škrte	None
ugrizi	Second person Singular
ugledaju	Third person Plural
trebaj	Second person Singular
anatomskih	None
pretapa	Third person Singular
sporazumijevaste	Second person Plural
premalene	None
zalažem	First person Singular
meće	Third person Singular
izjasne	Third person Plural
izbacivale	None
sposobniji	None
slupate	Second person Plural
sleđujmo	First person Plural
prisiljavaju	Third person Plural
odmetnike	None
razlažu	Third person Plural
mašta	Third person Singular
marah	First person Singular
krojiš	Second person Singular
pripadaju	Third person Plural
prizivaš	Second person Singular
obnoviš	Second person Singular
rastaje	Third person Singular
neoprostive	None
glasniji	None
ključaš	Second person Singular
tiranska	None
doštampavaste	Second person Plural
patrijarhat	None
sjeda	Third person Singular
sačekaju	Third person Plural
arogancijom	None
raduje	Third person Singular
sačuvajte	Second person Plural
osnovaše	Third person Plural
izgovara	Third person Singular
boje	Third person Plural
prepire	Third person Singular
prevaljuju	Third person Plural
tijesnih	None
traga	Third person Singular
ostanem	First person Singular
pravda	Third person Singular
potpisujte	Second person Plural
nazdravljamo	First person Plural
Jamajčanina	None
izbegne	Third person Singular
babica	None
onemogućuju	Third person Plural
protjeruje	Third person Singular
koška	Third person Singular
posvećeno	None
smeje	Third person Singular
usmjeravahu	Third person Plural
preostane	Third person Singular
najapatetičnijom	None
izdahneš	Second person Singular
rabe	Third person Plural
povraćaju	Third person Plural
probuđujmo	First person Plural
dodjeljuje	Third person Singular
raspoređena	None
pansion	None
prilagođuje	Third person Singular
obrađuj	Second person Singular
upaljujemo	First person Plural
natjeruješ	Second person Singular
izađoste	Second person Plural
uspore	Third person Plural
racionalnije	None
zamrznimo	First person Plural
namame	Third person Plural
objedinjavamo	First person Plural
vezo	None
ukaže	Third person Singular
zadrže	Third person Plural
луксузан	None
loče	Third person Singular
bijele	Third person Plural
glibavomu	None
nesigurnijega	None
neistinit	None
vraća	Third person Singular
odsutno	None
podsjećaju	Third person Plural
raspiše	Third person Singular
toaletima	None
poziraju	Third person Plural
rasrđujemo	First person Plural
čestita	Third person Singular
zlatnicima	None
spuštamo	First person Plural
svrstava	Third person Singular
prćasmo	First person Plural
praznuju	Third person Plural
odbijaju	Third person Plural
umetniku	None
završava	Third person Singular
procenih	First person Singular
obuhvaćaju	Third person Plural
karam	First person Singular
podučava	Third person Singular
ukrašavaju	Third person Plural
ždere	Third person Singular
ostajah	First person Singular
štrihiraš	Second person Singular
pohodima	None
zaviriš	Second person Singular
uključe	Third person Plural
uvjerljivoj	None
razgriži	Second person Singular
raspuštaju	Third person Plural
venčava	Third person Singular
posuđuju	Third person Plural
levi	None
najnapredniji	None
karan	None
feudalnom	None
rashlade	Third person Plural
izveštajima	None
gazim	First person Singular
zatomljivasmo	First person Plural
osjećaj	Second person Singular
razvrstavaju	Third person Plural
bojim	First person Singular
podbadajmo	First person Plural
ranjava	Third person Singular
povorkom	None
razmišljaju	Third person Plural
spajamo	First person Plural
usađen	None
stranica	None
razmnožiš	Second person Singular
neiscrpne	None
kratkoga	None
pozvaste	Second person Plural
uspostave	Third person Plural
približavajte	Second person Plural
krstariš	Second person Singular
prevaljuje	Third person Singular
doseljavaju	Third person Plural
мелодраматичан	None
kopa	Third person Singular
polijeću	Third person Plural
odriču	Third person Plural
poravnamo	First person Plural
januarski	None
estetike	None
zbroje	Third person Plural
nerazumljiva	None
istupiše	Third person Plural
izvuku	Third person Plural
trljah	First person Singular
zamerismo	First person Plural
šlagvortu	None
slađasmo	First person Plural
izaberu	Third person Plural
zalaže	Third person Singular
odrediste	Second person Plural
nadoveže	Third person Singular
izbjegavajte	Second person Plural
porađa	Third person Singular
odedoste	Second person Plural
prihvaćam	First person Singular
putuje	Third person Singular
uzdrže	Third person Plural
kandidirao	None
stradavaju	Third person Plural
ohrabruje	Third person Singular
pristigne	Third person Singular
propih	First person Singular
nazdravljaju	Third person Plural
naizmeničnom	None
iscelih	First person Singular
pišete	Second person Plural
lònčār	None
rasprave	Third person Plural
opsednite	Second person Plural
istražuje	Third person Singular
prihvaćaju	Third person Plural
kratkoročno	None
ruše	Third person Plural
najmlitaviju	None
proteravajte	Second person Plural
isplove	Third person Plural
protivilo	None
ozleđujte	Second person Plural
isključuje	Third person Singular
pobadajte	Second person Plural
muštrate	Second person Plural
suzbiju	Third person Plural
razmišljamo	First person Plural
stigoše	Third person Plural
tari	Second person Singular
ukusni	None
naseliše	Third person Plural
dopišu	Third person Plural
pivaru	None
познати	None
odudaraste	Second person Plural
ubire	Third person Singular
raspodjeljuje	Third person Singular
kajsijo	None
prolazu	None
populizmu	None
gospodarima	None
uveo	None
zatvore	Third person Plural
prvenstvu	None
dežurnoj	None
vježbamo	First person Plural
zaključuje	Third person Singular
razvrstavamo	First person Plural
hroničan	None
bockate	Second person Plural
pukovniji	None
lupajte	Second person Plural
proizvoljna	None
razbijaju	Third person Plural
kroče	Third person Plural
iscrpljuje	Third person Singular
zasjenismo	First person Plural
osvoje	Third person Plural
uživa	Third person Singular
gane	Third person Singular
stogodišnjici	None
razneženi	None
kreću	Third person Plural
čekamo	First person Plural
upućuju	Third person Plural
razjedinismo	First person Plural
snabdijevaju	Third person Plural
sile	Third person Plural
egzotike	None
neme	None
približavali	None
krike	None
proberimo	First person Plural
usvaja	Third person Singular
arheologu	None
orlovi	None
visu	None
infamnomu	None
umeju	Third person Plural
oblikuje	Third person Singular
terminologijom	None
navaljivali	None
smrtnoj	None
pripadamo	First person Plural
nađoše	Third person Plural
zagrebu	Third person Plural
izravnamo	First person Plural
gledatelje	None
razjedinim	First person Singular
maher	None
razvoje	None
kartaš	Second person Singular
turpija	Third person Singular
lepršale	None
zahvaljuje	Third person Singular
spiskaju	Third person Plural
utvrđuje	Third person Singular
saberi	Second person Singular
računajte	Second person Plural
izjednačuje	Third person Singular
prepušta	Third person Singular
zapadu	None
predigra	None
siromaštvu	None
determinizmu	None
utrnusmo	First person Plural
zvonom	None
mikroskopski	None
decu	None
nakane	Third person Plural
bleskah	First person Singular
zastajmo	First person Plural
poseduje	Third person Singular
obezglavljivano	None
pokušaj	Second person Singular
najobilatije	None
indirektnima	None
zavojita	None
huškajte	Second person Plural
islandska	None
izbegnite	Second person Plural
mislim	First person Singular
izložih	First person Singular
štucajmo	First person Plural
snalažah	First person Singular
shvatajmo	First person Plural
vez	None
zašiljih	First person Singular
prebrodim	First person Singular
širim	First person Singular
sunite	Second person Plural
obilježavahu	Third person Plural
kroje	Third person Plural
ciljanu	None
laburiste	None
nepristran	None
hvataju	Third person Plural
prećah	First person Singular
dorađuje	Third person Singular
zavišahu	Third person Plural
apstraktne	None
okvir	None
potkopavaš	Second person Singular
funkcioniraju	Third person Plural
nadeni	Second person Singular
duguju	Third person Plural
vještinama	None
dođem	First person Singular
nazivom	None
oplode	Third person Plural
prevagnusmo	First person Plural
iskre	Third person Plural
lepršaš	Second person Singular
izbace	Third person Plural
krunišu	Third person Plural
tvrđasmo	First person Plural
nateruju	Third person Plural
proveravajmo	First person Plural
obijemo	First person Plural
samoansku	None
gorčih	None
zalije	Third person Singular
spreme	Third person Plural
poludeše	Third person Plural
procenjuju	Third person Plural
ume	Third person Singular
kleče	Third person Plural
povučeni	None
povija	Third person Singular
talijanskih	None
potpredsednicu	None
kristalizira	Third person Singular
zaostajali	None
boduje	Third person Singular
preslikavate	Second person Plural
pobeđuju	Third person Plural
obilježava	Third person Singular
česmama	None
bregom	None
razlikujemo	First person Plural
umećem	First person Singular
okrenuše	Third person Plural
savladavaju	Third person Plural
ljubljena	None
zacjeljujte	Second person Plural
pređemo	First person Plural
ganja	Third person Singular
bundi	None
učiniše	Third person Plural
odjahivahu	Third person Plural
obogaćujte	Second person Plural
oazama	None
tarimo	First person Plural
iskrcava	Third person Singular
suzdržavaj	Second person Singular
dunja	None
dešava	Third person Singular
zahvate	Third person Plural
obveznike	None
razmjenjuju	Third person Plural
plastičnima	None
natpisi	None
pokaži	Second person Singular
sveobuhvatni	None
odziv	None
tjerali	None
objavljivaste	Second person Plural
ovladava	Third person Singular
gonjaste	Second person Plural
udaljih	First person Singular
okružiš	Second person Singular
oficiri	None
stanuje	Third person Singular
zađemo	First person Plural
smire	Third person Plural
vinarima	None
nadograde	Third person Plural
predomišljaju	Third person Plural
raznose	Third person Plural
izgradnja	None
nemirom	None
samovah	First person Singular
sredozemni	None
ljiljanu	None
opredeljuje	Third person Singular
preziru	Third person Plural
puštaju	Third person Plural
zida	Third person Singular
imanentnoga	None
upisujete	Second person Plural
zagreju	Third person Plural
pretpostaviš	Second person Singular
dospije	Third person Singular
skrše	Third person Plural
trenutna	None
poranim	First person Singular
bezosećajne	None
ratuju	Third person Plural
vare	Third person Plural
snalaze	Third person Plural
uzbuđuje	Third person Singular
loze	None
učesnicama	None
napomeno	None
popunu	None
okane	Third person Plural
sahrane	Third person Plural
potpisuje	Third person Singular
standardizacijom	None
opozove	Third person Singular
uzmimo	First person Plural
odlikovanje	None
temperamentan	None
cijepa	Third person Singular
razveseliste	Second person Plural
besplatnih	None
pjene	Third person Plural
zagorčavah	First person Singular
podilaze	Third person Plural
odemo	First person Plural
uzmemo	First person Plural
stave	Third person Plural
očaraše	Third person Plural
osuđuju	Third person Plural
nadograđivah	First person Singular
probuđuješ	Second person Singular
blijedim	First person Singular
uguše	Third person Plural
osvajaju	Third person Plural
zure	Third person Plural
kompleksnijim	None
spale	Third person Plural
provodila	None
isijeca	Third person Singular
oslabelo	None
zanima	Third person Singular
pohvališe	Third person Plural
marokanskim	None
odabrala	None
razdajem	First person Singular
pitate	Second person Plural
obasiplješ	Second person Singular
umičemo	First person Plural
strugači	None
šiljati	None
najkićeniji	None
zaželeh	First person Singular
kažem	First person Singular
potrebnih	None
birao	None
razdele	Third person Plural
skrbljasmo	First person Plural
provođena	None
naoružavaju	Third person Plural
spektakli	None
potiče	Third person Singular
pokreću	Third person Plural
piletinu	None
mora	Third person Singular
naginju	Third person Plural
ponašaju	Third person Plural
rasplamsaš	Second person Singular
napijete	Second person Plural
prouzrokuju	Third person Plural
kolonistu	None
rashlađujem	First person Singular
zaostaje	Third person Singular
učvršćuju	Third person Plural
lansiraju	Third person Plural
zaklone	Third person Plural
fotoćeliji	None
salitara	None
poželjno	None
raspetljavam	First person Singular
provaljuju	Third person Plural
najašu	Third person Plural
postaviše	Third person Plural
amsterdamskima	None
realiziramo	First person Plural
prenose	Third person Plural
pashalni	None
mičem	First person Singular
zdraviji	None
prerađuje	Third person Singular
nađimo	First person Plural
kvalitativnom	None
anaerobnu	None
prikažu	Third person Plural
najkancerogenijima	None
proleterske	None
uturaj	Second person Singular
postignemo	First person Plural
trojanskoga	None
oslabiste	Second person Plural
smatrate	Second person Plural
dramskima	None
upute	Third person Plural
dosade	Third person Plural
trebaju	Third person Plural
zavodu	None
sipa	Third person Singular
raspadoh	First person Singular
koljem	First person Singular
tačna	None
grane	Third person Singular
pomognete	Second person Plural
proglase	Third person Plural
omotača	None
priznajem	First person Singular
složno	None
putuju	Third person Plural
označe	Third person Plural
nemate	Second person Plural
vitalnu	None
sačuvani	None
sreće	Third person Singular
gospodare	Third person Plural
pojačamo	First person Plural
odmicah	First person Singular
očuvaš	Second person Singular
dekorativno	None
zlostavljaj	Second person Singular
sinonimom	None
bistrim	First person Singular
iskaže	Third person Singular
ostaj	Second person Singular
usredotočim	First person Singular
mužači	None
ostanu	Third person Plural
prijete	Third person Plural
spadaju	Third person Plural
ometaju	Third person Plural
sastanete	Second person Plural
panduri	None
rabota	Third person Singular
lupala	None
plaćah	First person Singular
prikrivaju	Third person Plural
zaboravnosti	None
sluz	None
pevaju	Third person Plural
gotov	None
pripisuju	Third person Plural
batinani	None
koristim	First person Singular
poviše	Third person Plural
poricahu	Third person Plural
rasterećuje	Third person Singular
ukunite	Second person Plural
nekažnjenim	None
čestitijom	None
klikne	Third person Singular
ustaše	Third person Plural
nedužna	None
dodatnoj	None
raspuste	Third person Plural
toni	Second person Singular
korpusom	None
odjeljenje	None
ispekao	None
hipotezu	None
zamisliš	Second person Singular
stavljahu	Third person Plural
srpstvu	None
žvačite	Second person Plural
kalemiš	Second person Singular
relevantnom	None
zada	Third person Singular
podižemo	First person Plural
useljavam	First person Singular
ujedimo	First person Plural
pohvaljuje	Third person Singular
okončali	None
istrebljuj	Second person Singular
pošumila	None
obvežemo	First person Plural
najjavnijom	None
rekonstruiraju	Third person Plural
izađite	Second person Plural
osnovaste	Second person Plural
lifta	None
milosrdno	None
gomilamo	First person Plural
popunjava	Third person Singular
izračunate	Second person Plural
trudnoćama	None
sećam	First person Singular
monolozima	None
nagode	Third person Plural
sej	Second person Singular
izmjere	Third person Plural
frekvencijama	None
krfskom	None
ismijavaju	Third person Plural
anode	None
pokvare	Third person Plural
izgrizite	Second person Plural
bljuje	Third person Singular
peniš	Second person Singular
tucijah	First person Singular
nahrupljuj	Second person Singular
pljačkaš	Second person Singular
pomorandži	None
zadešavaste	Second person Plural
obožavam	First person Singular
beže	Third person Plural
iscrpoh	First person Singular
smeštaj	Second person Singular
krijete	Second person Plural
paučine	None
zaboravljaju	Third person Plural
osnivaš	Second person Singular
poslano	None
meteorologiji	None
održavaju	Third person Plural
posuđuje	Third person Singular
ugreješ	Second person Singular
igračicom	None
požudom	None
zavukoste	Second person Plural
posramljivan	None
migoljiš	Second person Singular
hrabre	Third person Plural
oporavlja	Third person Singular
najzdravijima	None
radišo	None
kopaju	Third person Plural
izbadaju	Third person Plural
odustanu	Third person Plural
najhladniju	None
popunio	None
oslanjahu	Third person Plural
navodu	None
vignjevi	None
najpotmuliji	None
poklanjaju	Third person Plural
prizmatičnim	None
atonalnome	None
otjerate	Second person Plural
dobiju	Third person Plural
priđi	Second person Singular
prislanjahu	Third person Plural
pismeniju	None
gmižu	Third person Plural
pođoh	First person Singular
skidajte	Second person Plural
zarediste	Second person Plural
umuju	Third person Plural
siše	Third person Singular
hormonalnu	None
miruj	Second person Singular
spojile	None
mahne	Third person Singular
pljuni	Second person Singular
rovarasmo	First person Plural
scenu	None
njišu	Third person Plural
optuže	Third person Plural
ruga	Third person Singular
krevetna	None
radiši	None
zamene	Third person Plural
poklopcima	None
osvanuše	Third person Plural
iznenade	Third person Plural
poričimo	First person Plural
utiče	Third person Singular
anektiramo	First person Plural
nadjačaju	Third person Plural
lij	Second person Singular
podese	Third person Plural
prepričao	None
smišljate	Second person Plural
ozlijede	Third person Plural
ispričavam	First person Singular
uližimo	First person Plural
narišem	First person Singular
neutraliziraju	Third person Plural
iskopaju	Third person Plural
zavlačaste	Second person Plural
primiče	Third person Singular
čine	Third person Plural
nabace	Third person Plural
istrebljivah	First person Singular
nezadovoljstvu	None
stupe	Third person Plural
naslede	Third person Plural
obavljaju	Third person Plural
smiješka	None
uvodila	None
podmićuje	Third person Singular
uzdržavaju	Third person Plural
zavladava	Third person Singular
intelektualce	None
bleđah	First person Singular
vučića	None
opominjete	Second person Plural
pričaju	Third person Plural
raspodjeli	None
perspektivne	None
očuvaju	Third person Plural
merah	First person Singular
dodam	First person Singular
osuđuje	Third person Singular
izda	Third person Singular
prilagođava	Third person Singular
šuštaste	Second person Plural
kale	Third person Plural
nagrađuje	Third person Singular
sagibate	Second person Plural
probam	First person Singular
privredama	None
kažnjenika	None
gravitira	Third person Singular
zlate	Third person Plural
insekta	None
lipšu	Third person Plural
plato	None
pronađi	Second person Singular
sova	None
troška	None
neutralnoj	None
metru	None
nazovu	Third person Plural
razdragasmo	First person Plural
koalicije	None
presijeca	Third person Singular
preplate	Third person Plural
vršah	First person Singular
otme	Third person Singular
siđu	Third person Plural
progonjeni	None
kapljici	None
zaviriše	Third person Plural
izabiru	Third person Plural
razmnožavaju	Third person Plural
vrijeđali	None
imenuje	Third person Singular
razvijete	Second person Plural
razgovarajte	Second person Plural
sačekaste	Second person Plural
odstupaju	Third person Plural
vekove	None
stvarate	Second person Plural
obaraju	Third person Plural
turkijske	None
uštedjesmo	First person Plural
preleta	Third person Singular
ophodnih	None
neverničkomu	None
oivičila	None
kara	Third person Singular
znanstveniku	None
nabrbljaju	Third person Plural
neodgovornosti	None
zahtijevaju	Third person Plural
zajutaraka	None
iskorene	Third person Plural
jednačio	None
uvaljeno	None
trampim	First person Singular
huškahu	Third person Plural
bombardirale	None
iskorjenjuje	Third person Singular
počinjete	Second person Plural
ustrajan	None
nepoznanicu	None
biologijom	None
predomišlja	Third person Singular
zijevnem	First person Singular
penetriraju	Third person Plural
jidiš	None
predam	First person Singular
pune	Third person Plural
sedajmo	First person Plural
propisuje	Third person Singular
skijaš	Second person Singular
uvita	None
srećom	None
tisućljećem	None
koturasmo	First person Plural
trgne	Third person Singular
rastapajmo	First person Plural
odlome	Third person Plural
pritisnite	Second person Plural
shvatajte	Second person Plural
zbija	Third person Singular
odrežite	Second person Plural
divlja	Third person Singular
strelci	None
premine	Third person Singular
osećam	First person Singular
žlijezda	None
istjerujmo	First person Plural
primamo	First person Plural
obriši	Second person Singular
nabavljeni	None
tiska	Third person Singular
izbor	None
ispostavlja	Third person Singular
nedostaje	Third person Singular
gegaju	Third person Plural
draga	Third person Singular
sakriva	Third person Singular
kolibri	None
odabrasmo	First person Plural
velška	None
čitajte	Second person Plural
nađi	Second person Singular
pretvara	Third person Singular
komada	Third person Singular
skočio	None
prepuste	Third person Plural
uživaju	Third person Plural
sjećanjima	None
udaljavaju	Third person Plural
kuhahu	Third person Plural
potraju	Third person Plural
podsjeća	Third person Singular
prepričavaju	Third person Plural
ispražnjene	None
trendove	None
mnogoženstava	None
ustupajmo	First person Plural
spašeni	None
izgubljenu	None
pročitaju	Third person Plural
priračunavahu	Third person Plural
nepisana	None
novcima	None
opširne	None
boduješ	Second person Singular
pomiče	Third person Singular
žeđa	Third person Singular
ovjeren	None
presijecala	None
sine	Third person Singular
jezičkim	None
pokriva	Third person Singular
poručuju	Third person Plural
neumjeren	None
izoštravamo	First person Plural
dorađena	None
preporučujemo	First person Plural
rojalističke	None
bucmastiju	None
odfakajmo	First person Plural
umeću	Third person Plural
namnožavamo	First person Plural
napekoste	Second person Plural
ovjeriše	Third person Plural
očuvate	Second person Plural
isecaste	Second person Plural
čekahu	Third person Plural
nagovarah	First person Singular
nasleđujem	First person Singular
pozdravismo	First person Plural
pošaljete	Second person Plural
početnim	None
ugrabe	Third person Plural
otkrijem	First person Singular
sadržajan	None
podiže	Third person Singular
karakter	None
nadziru	Third person Plural
ćelijski	None
vadičep	None
komičarka	None
svetlije	None
uzdiše	Third person Singular
kijam	First person Singular
razoriše	Third person Plural
uberemo	First person Plural
nestrpljenje	None
posekoh	First person Singular
uzjašete	Second person Plural
stavim	First person Singular
ublažuje	Third person Singular
šmrkavci	None
uvjerava	Third person Singular
poništavano	None
prisloniš	Second person Singular
sjedine	Third person Plural
kovilja	None
pakiraju	Third person Plural
kompanije	None
скровитији	None
pjenim	First person Singular
povuci	Second person Singular
sazrijevaju	Third person Plural
izaberete	Second person Plural
izbrišu	Third person Plural
pritiskaju	Third person Plural
najumnijemu	None
opstoji	Third person Singular
beogradskim	None
uvrijediše	Third person Plural
nalikuju	Third person Plural
probaju	Third person Plural
latismo	First person Plural
druže	Third person Plural
dospijevaju	Third person Plural
obeshrabruje	Third person Singular
zaokružuju	Third person Plural
duhovitih	None
kasabom	None
zaštićuje	Third person Singular
kazališnih	None
rekni	Second person Singular
deljivi	None
tumače	Third person Plural
nastave	Third person Plural
dezertiraju	Third person Plural
biram	First person Singular
pop	None
naoružavam	First person Singular
uzme	Third person Singular
raskida	Third person Singular
uzrokovali	None
opaki	None
grehom	None
bivšim	None
strahovi	None
prekori	None
doseljava	Third person Singular
provaljuje	Third person Singular
nazvan	None
osporavani	None
mere	Third person Plural
kavkasku	None
zmijinima	None
kovrčaj	Second person Singular
ocjenjujemo	First person Plural
risa	None
košutskim	None
podržavam	First person Singular
daljnjega	None
odrede	Third person Plural
izumljen	None
oštre	Third person Plural
vrebaju	Third person Plural
uračunate	Second person Plural
preventivnih	None
priračunavam	First person Singular
načnite	Second person Plural
poštedeste	Second person Plural
primete	Third person Plural
dohotka	None
štovale	None
zakazivasmo	First person Plural
sapnite	Second person Plural
novosadskom	None
propijamo	First person Plural
uvažavaju	Third person Plural
raspisuju	Third person Plural
ispravljaju	Third person Plural
stiče	Third person Singular
prihvaćamo	First person Plural
metnem	First person Singular
afirmiraju	Third person Plural
unose	Third person Plural
odrastu	Third person Plural
napomenuti	None
ulovismo	First person Plural
prekriva	Third person Singular
nemalo	None
povijahu	Third person Plural
saznaju	Third person Plural
izrade	Third person Plural
непознат	None
motaju	Third person Plural
veruju	Third person Plural
trudim	First person Singular
uvjeravam	First person Singular
sjedinjavajte	Second person Plural
pojurih	First person Singular
švapsko	None
akulturaciji	None
magnezija	None
zidaju	Third person Plural
kravatu	None
paviljona	None
skladajte	Second person Plural
podijele	Third person Plural
najsnažnijega	None
skraćuju	Third person Plural
slavljeni	None
razasuste	Second person Plural
ugrejavaš	Second person Singular
gađamo	First person Plural
dozvoljava	Third person Singular
trguje	Third person Singular
spominjemo	First person Plural
iscijedih	First person Singular
uznemiriš	Second person Singular
uvene	Third person Singular
buše	Third person Plural
preštampana	None
natapajte	Second person Plural
pomognem	First person Singular
zaustavlja	Third person Singular
prebacuje	Third person Singular
ponavljamo	First person Plural
vešaste	Second person Plural
krojahu	Third person Plural
izlizuj	Second person Singular
odstranjuje	Third person Singular
stope	Third person Plural
oktavu	None
zapisujemo	First person Plural
gade	Third person Plural
približavamo	First person Plural
teatralna	None
prođi	Second person Singular
prisetim	First person Singular
preplivavaš	Second person Singular
katastrofalnu	None
poligraf	None
glasuju	Third person Plural
privuku	Third person Plural
bubre	Third person Plural
zaplivate	Second person Plural
diskreditirate	Second person Plural
skrije	Third person Singular
donose	Third person Plural
prestaju	Third person Plural
baljezgasmo	First person Plural
plaše	Third person Plural
odudaraš	Second person Singular
vezu	Third person Plural
transformatorom	None
podrugujemo	First person Plural
poremećuje	Third person Singular
opiru	Third person Plural
utemeljuju	Third person Plural
avangardnih	None
setiše	Third person Plural
uzrujaj	Second person Singular
okrenite	Second person Plural
izostanu	Third person Plural
opadaš	Second person Singular
takne	Third person Singular
berberski	None
prikrije	Third person Singular
zatvara	Third person Singular
zavladaju	Third person Plural
poštovao	None
bajaste	Second person Plural
iskazuje	Third person Singular
ubijaju	Third person Plural
uklanja	Third person Singular
postupaj	Second person Singular
kneginju	None
običan	None
ulepšavaš	Second person Singular
primenjuje	Third person Singular
uslovom	None
kasaš	Second person Singular
prekidaju	Third person Plural
sočnoga	None
prevrne	Third person Singular
vagni	Second person Singular
normalnu	None
egzistira	Third person Singular
izrađivasmo	First person Plural
bogatim	First person Singular
pomagani	None
nastava	None
uzori	Second person Singular
skriva	Third person Singular
smetane	None
iskašljaš	Second person Singular
silne	None
prazniš	Second person Singular
centimetra	None
pobjegnu	Third person Plural
zahvaljujemo	First person Plural
kukaste	Second person Plural
prozovimo	First person Plural
barbarom	None
ranjavaš	Second person Singular
rekli	None
isproban	None
zastupaj	Second person Singular
najcjenjeniji	None
analgezije	None
upišem	First person Singular
razgovarate	Second person Plural
cevčice	None
nadoknadim	First person Singular
labavljasmo	First person Plural
čapamo	First person Plural
upošljava	Third person Singular
zalaze	Third person Plural
vežba	Third person Singular
labuđe	None
žuriš	Second person Singular
zadirkuje	Third person Singular
povezujemo	First person Plural
priseća	Third person Singular
sudbonosnome	None
asimiliraju	Third person Plural
obavještava	Third person Singular
stavlja	Third person Singular
prodaje	Third person Singular
zovemo	First person Plural
akutni	None
ubodi	Second person Singular
vikačicom	None
uturaste	Second person Plural
potakne	Third person Singular
neizvedivu	None
probavljaju	Third person Plural
useljavaju	Third person Plural
iritira	Third person Singular
rukovođaste	Second person Plural
mute	Third person Plural
kade	Third person Plural
lopte	None
uzlijećeš	Second person Singular
štovaoče	None
razmisle	Third person Plural
strmomu	None
nastanu	Third person Plural
zahtijevam	First person Singular
stapa	Third person Singular
pita	Third person Singular
niječu	Third person Plural
doživljavaju	Third person Plural
otpraviš	Second person Singular
pronikne	Third person Singular
sapneš	Second person Singular
nazivlje	None
kićena	None
odu	Third person Plural
opredjeljivaste	Second person Plural
šmrknite	Second person Plural
adoptirahu	Third person Plural
bljesnete	Second person Plural
skršim	First person Singular
pobuđuje	Third person Singular
smežuraj	Second person Singular
zalažu	Third person Plural
izrasti	Second person Singular
saradnjom	None
nabave	Third person Plural
armaturu	None
nosate	Second person Plural
materijalističke	None
praznim	First person Singular
pošalju	Third person Plural
uvozom	None
konceptima	None
zabavljen	None
postavlja	Third person Singular
ugušuješ	Second person Singular
statiste	None
nestanu	Third person Plural
analiziraju	Third person Plural
opremaju	Third person Plural
prestupe	Third person Plural
kožom	None
porade	Third person Plural
prekrše	Third person Plural
prerade	Third person Plural
bezuspješnoga	None
pripravljamo	First person Plural
pričinjavahu	Third person Plural
osokolismo	First person Plural
oru	Third person Plural
neguju	Third person Plural
normaliziraju	Third person Plural
svjetlucavim	None
slatinom	None
osporava	Third person Singular
zgrijavah	First person Singular
shvataju	Third person Plural
kliknete	Second person Plural
kupuj	Second person Singular
razodjenete	Second person Plural
preskaču	Third person Plural
preživeše	Third person Plural
ogleda	Third person Singular
preteruje	Third person Singular
štucne	Third person Singular
gasni	Second person Singular
žbunova	None
podsete	Third person Plural
pregrade	Third person Plural
izlaže	Third person Singular
odlični	None
proteravaste	Second person Plural
upoznamo	First person Plural
tuša	None
izjednačuju	Third person Plural
odlučiše	Third person Plural
nadvladavasmo	First person Plural
zarate	Third person Plural
buktala	None
savestan	None
zamrzne	Third person Singular
australijskim	None
uporniji	None
dugotrajnoj	None
gledaš	Second person Singular
običaj	None
ophodnju	None
ponavlja	Third person Singular
pojave	Third person Plural
elite	None
privode	Third person Plural
štemujte	Second person Plural
preotmu	Third person Plural
umirovih	First person Singular
uspiju	Third person Plural
zagrijava	Third person Singular
režu	Third person Plural
izrezuju	Third person Plural
osećate	Second person Plural
nerazumljivi	None
efendije	None
haraju	Third person Plural
niže	Third person Singular
pobjegoh	First person Singular
preuzmimo	First person Plural
okleva	Third person Singular
iskah	First person Singular
stopljena	None
zatajim	First person Singular
pritiskajte	Second person Plural
ljudska	None
bde	Third person Singular
pokoriš	Second person Singular
uspostavljena	None
razvožaste	Second person Plural
obmani	Second person Singular
stvara	Third person Singular
hihoćem	First person Singular
proračunate	Second person Plural
dodele	Third person Plural
isijecite	Second person Plural
poludesmo	First person Plural
otpočivajmo	First person Plural
iseliste	Second person Plural
iguman	None
poprimaju	Third person Plural
satire	Third person Singular
savezni	None
združio	None
šiva	Third person Singular
značke	None
prestanu	Third person Plural
izuzme	Third person Singular
masturbira	Third person Singular
patnicama	None
угледни	None
čađim	First person Singular
uznemirava	Third person Singular
skrpavasmo	First person Plural
isprave	Third person Plural
prikazuju	Third person Plural
odbije	Third person Singular
delikatne	None
pupam	First person Singular
karikature	None
iskorištava	Third person Singular
usvoje	Third person Plural
razgovorila	None
izgrade	Third person Plural
podižu	Third person Plural
odmore	Third person Plural
iziskivalo	None
nacrtaju	Third person Plural
smrzavasmo	First person Plural
orahovoj	None
baterijom	None
raspodele	Third person Plural
činim	First person Singular
otiče	Third person Singular
promiče	Third person Singular
rvam	First person Singular
osječki	None
nepogodni	None
kritiziraš	Second person Singular
versajskom	None
iznajmljuju	Third person Plural
taje	Third person Plural
zahvaća	Third person Singular
naglase	Third person Plural
upriličuj	Second person Singular
akutnome	None
vjenčanju	None
tornjem	None
zaposlenicima	None
dopire	Third person Singular
odjekuje	Third person Singular
dovikne	Third person Singular
osvježiše	Third person Plural
posijeci	Second person Singular
razbuđujmo	First person Plural
odem	First person Singular
utiču	Third person Plural
viču	Third person Plural
sidre	Third person Plural
kane	Third person Plural
potkupismo	First person Plural
odsecaj	Second person Singular
najbližima	None
puše	Third person Plural
isplaćuju	Third person Plural
pretvaramo	First person Plural
klanjajte	Second person Plural
potpiše	Third person Singular
posađujmo	First person Plural
duguje	Third person Singular
godišnji	None
zbliže	Third person Plural
pridružuje	Third person Singular
pljuje	Third person Singular
trajekti	None
spuste	Third person Plural
porozna	None
pouzdanu	None
istrebljivahu	Third person Plural
zavedi	Second person Singular
kodeksom	None
имовински	None
većasmo	First person Plural
sužavaju	Third person Plural
ponestaje	Third person Singular
zauzeše	Third person Plural
ispraznih	First person Singular
privezujte	Second person Plural
pobuniste	Second person Plural
upoznate	Second person Plural
šire	Third person Plural
pevam	First person Singular
sakrivaju	Third person Plural
razmiču	Third person Plural
izbirljivom	None
pisano	None
ukazuje	Third person Singular
zaokružuje	Third person Singular
mehaničko	None
pošteđujte	Second person Plural
krokodile	None
dosađuje	Third person Singular
razlučuje	Third person Singular
nazdravlja	Third person Singular
nasmiju	Third person Plural
oboje	Third person Plural
zamaknete	Second person Plural
oživljavah	First person Singular
razdvojih	First person Singular
dodaje	Third person Singular
naivnoj	None
transfuzijom	None
javljaju	Third person Plural
ište	Third person Singular
priopćavajte	Second person Plural
jade	Third person Plural
izbjegavaju	Third person Plural
dopunjavaju	Third person Plural
počinju	Third person Plural
ispuštaju	Third person Plural
provoze	Third person Plural
snebivaju	Third person Plural
kucni	Second person Singular
maknuti	None
pitamo	First person Plural
dobre	None
kihahu	Third person Plural
prevagom	None
ljušte	Third person Plural
usuđuješ	Second person Singular
vešmašine	None
obnove	Third person Plural
prekidajte	Second person Plural
začine	Third person Plural
осетљив	None
skače	Third person Singular
blažim	First person Singular
odstreliše	Third person Plural
progone	Third person Plural
izbjegnu	Third person Plural
kanui	None
postalveolarnomu	None
povezuje	Third person Singular
savijete	Second person Plural
pratiš	Second person Singular
omamljujete	Second person Plural
natalnih	None
jeca	Third person Singular
ugovorio	None
prepada	Third person Singular
smanjuje	Third person Singular
levah	First person Singular
odmotasmo	First person Plural
proteraju	Third person Plural
масиван	None
spretan	None
zagorčava	Third person Singular
razdražljiva	None
psihijatrijo	None
smještaste	Second person Plural
postoje	Third person Plural
svirajte	Second person Plural
najnaprednijemu	None
dese	Third person Plural
preslikava	Third person Singular
učestalošću	None
otkažu	Third person Plural
promatramo	First person Plural
skrbe	Third person Plural
namerava	Third person Singular
seku	Third person Plural
ulagahu	Third person Plural
obradivomu	None
lažirate	Second person Plural
intenziteta	None
najeo	None
samoproglašenu	None
objasne	Third person Plural
zadovoljiš	Second person Singular
preslikajte	Second person Plural
tekućinama	None
nadmašuju	Third person Plural
veze	Third person Singular
uzmite	Second person Plural
prožima	Third person Singular
naklanjamo	First person Plural
sisaste	Second person Plural
obuhvaća	Third person Singular
grješnik	None
vjerujte	Second person Plural
cepnemo	First person Plural
verujem	First person Singular
olakšavaju	Third person Plural
oduzme	Third person Singular
servisirahu	Third person Plural
tonu	Third person Plural
viđaju	Third person Plural
sednica	None
bogorade	Third person Plural
presude	Third person Plural
nadvisuju	Third person Plural
bljuzgasmo	First person Plural
dočekaj	Second person Singular
sazrimo	First person Plural
prepirem	First person Singular
odobravasmo	First person Plural
slabostima	None
popisuje	Third person Singular
obvezasmo	First person Plural
odlučuje	Third person Singular
primenjujem	First person Singular
posjedujemo	First person Plural
prezalogajujem	First person Singular
otpočivasmo	First person Plural
zbunjuje	Third person Singular
smiriste	Second person Plural
udate	Second person Plural
poništih	First person Singular
nadopunjavaju	Third person Plural
opeci	Second person Singular
jenjavaju	Third person Plural
čitate	Second person Plural
realističkom	None
napustiše	Third person Plural
kremiramo	First person Plural
financira	Third person Singular
graniče	Third person Plural
najvjetrenjastijima	None
aparatčik	None
nadvisuje	Third person Singular
otruju	Third person Plural
govore	Third person Plural
šopa	Third person Singular
spekulira	Third person Singular
razlože	Third person Plural
didaktičkoj	None
uzrokuju	Third person Plural
sazru	Third person Plural
tužitelju	None
nalaziš	Second person Singular
šipanske	None
tisućljeće	None
patrone	None
nagoveštavaju	Third person Plural
povećaše	Third person Plural
sajt	None
nadopune	Third person Plural
raspoređujte	Second person Plural
rastanu	Third person Plural
savlađuje	Third person Singular
cenim	First person Singular
boluju	Third person Plural
preporuka	None
iskrenu	None
nagrđujmo	First person Plural
proslave	Third person Plural
priračunavasmo	First person Plural
doseg	None
probili	None
odolijevate	Second person Plural
televizore	None
proklinje	Third person Singular
prisiljene	None
svršavajte	Second person Plural
užom	None
obaveštajca	None
stupnjeva	None
hvata	Third person Singular
junače	Third person Plural
народни	None
pripišu	Third person Plural
kolona	None
socijalan	None
grđahu	Third person Plural
дуговечан	None
regrutiraju	Third person Plural
kvara	None
razmenjuje	Third person Singular
mijah	First person Singular
obostranu	None
pridremajmo	First person Plural
zbližavaju	Third person Plural
preseljava	Third person Singular
financirahu	Third person Plural
ekstremnoj	None
truđasmo	First person Plural
dokazale	None
dubu	Third person Plural
ubij	Second person Singular
prokune	Third person Singular
cvrkućeš	Second person Singular
volumenu	None
operetu	None
karta	Third person Singular
posjedujete	Second person Plural
jadikuješ	Second person Singular
ranijih	None
prevoziš	Second person Singular
staraju	Third person Plural
sveobuhvatnoj	None
pobednik	None
povećavaju	Third person Plural
umislilo	None
sadržavaju	Third person Plural
kontrastu	None
kupaju	Third person Plural
lijevaste	Second person Plural
primakni	Second person Singular
utiči	Second person Singular
finansija	None
nasele	Third person Plural
priušte	Third person Plural
cene	Third person Plural
okivaš	Second person Singular
kvantne	None
presreće	Third person Singular
glagoljaš	Second person Singular
bijelcima	None
otpornije	None
jadikujem	First person Singular
sastane	Third person Singular
osećao	None
ohlade	Third person Plural
čuvaš	Second person Singular
omogućava	Third person Singular
prekršile	None
polažu	Third person Plural
упадљив	None
privezaše	Third person Plural
odviše	Third person Plural
sanja	Third person Singular
glinu	None
slitinu	None
ruski	None
stječu	Third person Plural
zagađuju	Third person Plural
kuca	Third person Singular
ustanove	Third person Plural
prozivaju	Third person Plural
školuje	Third person Singular
obuzme	Third person Singular
ispuštali	None
natjeruj	Second person Singular
priđemo	First person Plural
naredniku	None
privolesmo	First person Plural
računaju	Third person Plural
govornici	None
posjekoh	First person Singular
iskušavamo	First person Plural
promatra	Third person Singular
iskrče	Third person Plural
dela	Third person Singular
tvrdoće	None
izvještavaju	Third person Plural
dospijeva	Third person Singular
sastajala	None
akcijska	None
afričke	None
ogrejavahu	Third person Plural
klasicima	None
srlja	Third person Singular
nedostaju	Third person Plural
okoliša	Third person Singular
ispunjavalo	None
obaveste	Third person Plural
propraše	Third person Plural
vređa	Third person Singular
legitimnijim	None
sačinjavaju	Third person Plural
rudarasmo	First person Plural
pobjeđuje	Third person Singular
klonova	None
osigurajte	Second person Plural
pojačavaš	Second person Singular
trgneš	Second person Singular
ugrađen	None
zimuj	Second person Singular
popune	Third person Plural
razilaze	Third person Plural
prisile	Third person Plural
simboliziraju	Third person Plural
birajte	Second person Plural
sliče	Third person Plural
zimuju	Third person Plural
sastajalo	None
božici	None
remete	Third person Plural
mešavini	None
odlikuje	Third person Singular
čula	None
pjeniš	Second person Singular
zauzdavate	Second person Plural
otpijte	Second person Plural
posrkah	First person Singular
smotre	Third person Plural
spavaćega	None
smešta	Third person Singular
sklonim	First person Singular
izdvajamo	First person Plural
smjenjuju	Third person Plural
aproksimiraju	Third person Plural
kontinuirani	None
zamjenikom	None
pogiba	Third person Singular
mini	Second person Singular
upisuje	Third person Singular
napneš	Second person Singular
uma	None
čuvara	None
koraci	None
namamim	First person Singular
pristane	Third person Singular
dočekuju	Third person Plural
promišljah	First person Singular
gomilah	First person Singular
prezire	Third person Singular
naklanjaše	Third person Plural
privlače	Third person Plural
predočava	Third person Singular
divane	Third person Plural
upozorava	Third person Singular
bugarin	None
blistav	None
nadoknađen	None
ukine	Third person Singular
boduju	Third person Plural
postelju	None
odlučujućih	None
pljušta	Third person Singular
nađete	Second person Plural
klizne	Third person Singular
prikaže	Third person Singular
zatalasavasmo	First person Plural
improviziraju	Third person Plural
uzoru	Third person Plural
prebrodih	First person Singular
sprdaš	Second person Singular
uspinjite	Second person Plural
eksplozivnijih	None
okončaju	Third person Plural
shvata	Third person Singular
autoricu	None
opisuje	Third person Singular
upisujem	First person Singular
gledam	First person Singular
obodu	Third person Plural
kolji	Second person Singular
suočavaste	Second person Plural
dominantnih	None
prodajna	None
celomu	None
prohibicije	None
globe	Third person Plural
prevlađivasmo	First person Plural
podstanarka	None
hrđa	Third person Singular
kašlju	None
primamljivala	None
suzdržiš	Second person Singular
džinovska	None
razapinjimo	First person Plural
guta	Third person Singular
napuste	Third person Plural
opozvaše	Third person Plural
staklu	None
izdvajali	None
predlože	Third person Plural
lihvariš	Second person Singular
pometeni	None
buljini	None
poboljšavaste	Second person Plural
podele	Third person Plural
trampljah	First person Singular
spoje	Third person Plural
непроцењив	None
ugađasmo	First person Plural
meteoritima	None
zastaje	Third person Singular
proteruju	Third person Plural
totalitaristički	None
buknemo	First person Plural
sažimaju	Third person Plural
prožderite	Second person Plural
snježno	None
obaveštajna	None
promašuje	Third person Singular
sažalila	None
amnestirao	None
izgubiš	Second person Singular
krpljasmo	First person Plural
belim	First person Singular
uzajamnoj	None
dostignete	Second person Plural
astrologijom	None
smilujemo	First person Plural
ispredosmo	First person Plural
pogledima	None
prodiru	Third person Plural
izgarali	None
zadaha	None
industrijske	None
začahurujemo	First person Plural
pretvaraju	Third person Plural
klanja	Third person Singular
posjećuje	Third person Singular
niječe	Third person Singular
odani	None
izračunavam	First person Singular
kontaktiraju	Third person Plural
nagađajmo	First person Plural
tale	Third person Plural
kružasmo	First person Plural
negoduje	Third person Singular
uveličavate	Second person Plural
samostalno	None
sačuvaj	Second person Singular
blokiram	First person Singular
izvode	Third person Plural
zaklanjaju	Third person Plural
tinja	Third person Singular
pješače	Third person Plural
hrknemo	First person Plural
zaratiste	Second person Plural
uložen	None
kraća	Third person Singular
izvešćuje	Third person Singular
koračaju	Third person Plural
sačinjava	Third person Singular
kvalitetan	None
pomišljen	None
čestitaju	Third person Plural
mole	Third person Plural
glase	Third person Plural
rutinska	None
vade	Third person Plural
slušate	Second person Plural
stropovima	None
proćutjeli	None
uljepšava	Third person Singular
pripovest	None
okupljaju	Third person Plural
zapovijeda	Third person Singular
korisnima	None
čekaj	Second person Singular
nađu	Third person Plural
kija	Third person Singular
najspecifičnije	None
znače	Third person Plural
računamo	First person Plural
moraš	Second person Singular
netaktičnih	None
savine	Third person Singular
nadovezuje	Third person Singular
zaljubljujem	First person Singular
posetiš	Second person Singular
gađaju	Third person Plural
istupe	Third person Plural
izrastaju	Third person Plural
dovoze	Third person Plural
apsorpciji	None
kažite	Second person Plural
aludiraju	Third person Plural
higijenskim	None
rđa	Third person Singular
zavređuje	Third person Singular
primaju	Third person Plural
ispuštaj	Second person Singular
snađi	Second person Singular
probireš	Second person Singular
jadajmo	First person Plural
prodamo	First person Plural
osvajače	None
osiguravaj	Second person Singular
gangsterskoj	None
utemeljiš	Second person Singular
srčan	None
poveznice	None
raznežuju	Third person Plural
oseća	Third person Singular
rastvaraju	Third person Plural
vodećih	None
kucate	Second person Plural
zadesih	First person Singular
cijeđahu	Third person Plural
razbiju	Third person Plural
motre	Third person Plural
premašim	First person Singular
sabirali	None
kriju	Third person Plural
namenjuje	Third person Singular
zagreje	Third person Singular
pulsira	Third person Singular
napete	None
planiramo	First person Plural
štećasmo	First person Plural
raspadaju	Third person Plural
okuje	Third person Singular
prisetih	First person Singular
poboljšava	Third person Singular
zaljube	Third person Plural
nagne	Third person Singular
zarađuje	Third person Singular
frontalno	None
duram	First person Singular
krase	Third person Plural
dokučiste	Second person Plural
plani	Second person Singular
rodiste	Second person Plural
zastanu	Third person Plural
odmiče	Third person Singular
sja	Third person Singular
kineski	None
gubavomu	None
oglobih	First person Singular
ugode	Third person Plural
nakuplja	Third person Singular
presreći	Second person Singular
umetnički	None
uplašilo	None
ilegalcem	None
dobacuje	Third person Singular
izgubio	None
stagnirate	Second person Plural
konverzijom	None
odlikuju	Third person Plural
dozvoljavajmo	First person Plural
osedlamo	First person Plural
strmome	None
činiš	Second person Singular
sagnjijete	Second person Plural
mijenja	Third person Singular
smetite	Second person Plural
najumornijega	None
špendiraš	Second person Singular
odbiju	Third person Plural
zabunih	First person Singular
lopta	Third person Singular
merljiva	None
zamjenjuje	Third person Singular
zapovediste	Second person Plural
naoružavale	None
izbegavasmo	First person Plural
liveno	None
muška	None
makne	Third person Singular
odgode	Third person Plural
kuj	Second person Singular
proširuje	Third person Singular
mijenjam	First person Singular
odlučiš	Second person Singular
pevaj	Second person Singular
zapažamo	First person Plural
istrošili	None
kvarteta	None
tvore	Third person Plural
resora	None
pomislim	First person Singular
pozadini	None
edukacijom	None
celivamo	First person Plural
etruščanskom	None
sanjaj	Second person Singular
neuobičajenih	None
zahvaljuj	Second person Singular
jecaj	Second person Singular
obrazlaže	Third person Singular
šara	Third person Singular
nagib	None
ubijem	First person Singular
usmere	Third person Plural
toplih	None
dokaže	Third person Singular
zabilježe	Third person Plural
ispada	Third person Singular
ujedine	Third person Plural
sudeluje	Third person Singular
klima	None
izlože	Third person Plural
obuju	Third person Plural
drvorezu	None
pomiču	Third person Plural
atičkima	None
mikrofon	None
ističemo	First person Plural
rušitelj	None
crtao	None
smijene	Third person Plural
čapa	Third person Singular
obostranim	None
dosežu	Third person Plural
orah	First person Singular
glasnoća	None
izjednačiš	Second person Singular
veslaju	Third person Plural
kreše	Third person Singular
лихварски	None
raspravlja	Third person Singular
gleda	Third person Singular
oduzimamo	First person Plural
međusobnih	None
hotimično	None
štećahu	Third person Plural
podčinjavahu	Third person Plural
dogovoriste	Second person Plural
šafran	None
uvrste	Third person Plural
djelujemo	First person Plural
planiraju	Third person Plural
delti	None
promiču	Third person Plural
inferiorniji	None
federalnim	None
zagrijavahu	Third person Plural
stječe	Third person Singular
kine	Third person Singular
obiluju	Third person Plural
vrednuje	Third person Singular
venu	Third person Plural
katalizatorom	None
intervjue	None
nameće	Third person Singular
medvjedićima	None
publici	None
bombardirate	Second person Plural
kihah	First person Singular
kilograma	None
ometa	Third person Singular
shvaćam	First person Singular
vriskaš	Second person Singular
najvjerojatnija	None
osnivaju	Third person Plural
naslikah	First person Singular
sakupe	Third person Plural
protiče	Third person Singular
cvetaju	Third person Plural
zaostale	None
pridodah	First person Singular
primjenjuje	Third person Singular
ponavljam	First person Singular
love	Third person Plural
iseci	Second person Singular
daješ	Second person Singular
neprimjetne	None
prodali	None
mandati	None
uzverete	Second person Plural
poricah	First person Singular
komadaju	Third person Plural
prija	Third person Singular
trohejom	None
pacifičkim	None
laskam	First person Singular
umjerenijim	None
ispredite	Second person Plural
pokažite	Second person Plural
dorade	Third person Plural
carigradske	None
treniraju	Third person Plural
lagodan	None
ispere	Third person Singular
goraninom	None
lažem	First person Singular
sukob	None
klekne	Third person Singular
bečah	First person Singular
negiraju	Third person Plural
uzbuđuju	Third person Plural
obavija	Third person Singular
trube	Third person Plural
ključaju	Third person Plural
dostave	Third person Plural
formiraš	Second person Singular
raspodeljuje	Third person Singular
seru	Third person Plural
zaljutih	First person Singular
osica	None
žrtvenika	None
izostaje	Third person Singular
palim	First person Singular
pojedite	Second person Plural
zadržavasmo	First person Plural
neodlučnima	None
nadahnjuje	Third person Singular
fiziološke	None
nasmijavasmo	First person Plural
spreman	None
pobije	Third person Singular
rukuj	Second person Singular
išibate	Second person Plural
kulminaciji	None
gazda	None
nabire	Third person Singular
umirem	First person Singular
obriju	Third person Plural
poslušne	None
opadoste	Second person Plural
propovijeda	Third person Singular
pogađaju	Third person Plural
masivom	None
obujmljujete	Second person Plural
atmosferi	None
vizom	None
okretna	None
spiritualizme	None
bane	Third person Singular
prisegnuste	Second person Plural
priprave	Third person Plural
dozvole	Third person Plural
hinduističkim	None
tare	Third person Singular
izračunava	Third person Singular
cijenjah	First person Singular
razoružale	None
posjetiocem	None
prouzrokuje	Third person Singular
pulsu	None
razmatra	Third person Singular
starija	None
dušu	Third person Plural
potkopavani	None
kite	Third person Plural
košta	Third person Singular
beznačajna	None
sećate	Second person Plural
počiniste	Second person Plural
prebacuju	Third person Plural
obvezuje	Third person Singular
poštujemo	First person Plural
kližete	Second person Plural
svežem	First person Singular
sračunasmo	First person Plural
upaljujete	Second person Plural
ponašate	Second person Plural
zvezdu	None
slome	Third person Plural
prelijetaju	Third person Plural
ugiba	Third person Singular
podrezivaste	Second person Plural
ponište	Third person Plural
provjeravaju	Third person Plural
uližem	First person Singular
gubitak	None
pripajaju	Third person Plural
glođi	Second person Singular
dostižu	Third person Plural
posustadoste	Second person Plural
duvne	Third person Singular
ratujete	Second person Plural
dodirujem	First person Singular
istjeraste	Second person Plural
udiše	Third person Singular
oblikuju	Third person Plural
tajnom	None
šapne	Third person Singular
prelistavaju	Third person Plural
prenoće	Third person Plural
preuzimaju	Third person Plural
zaposle	Third person Plural
daje	Third person Singular
razmjenjuješ	Second person Singular
porastu	Third person Plural
lije	Third person Singular
snabdijevahu	Third person Plural
pobadasmo	First person Plural
ujedinjava	Third person Singular
odazvah	First person Singular
urod	None
maku	None
tka	Third person Singular
nastupaju	Third person Plural
srpskohrvatska	None
presuđivasmo	First person Plural
preraspodele	Third person Plural
pomazaste	Second person Plural
raspravljaju	Third person Plural
gusjenice	None
postupe	Third person Plural
ubrizgajte	Second person Plural
šapuće	Third person Singular
dugujemo	First person Plural
dopirahu	Third person Plural
letonskim	None
studentima	None
umakni	Second person Singular
gojan	None
ukazujmo	First person Plural
verificiramo	First person Plural
pojavljuje	Third person Singular
takmiče	Third person Plural
kupaste	Second person Plural
obustavljahu	Third person Plural
identificiraju	Third person Plural
akrobat	None
pribadamo	First person Plural
selicama	None
tkaš	Second person Singular
čestitam	First person Singular
porobljavaju	Third person Plural
pamte	Third person Plural
pričekajte	Second person Plural
učlanjuje	Third person Singular
zejtinu	None
skida	Third person Singular
izražava	Third person Singular
shvatamo	First person Plural
izoštrava	Third person Singular
smjenjivahu	Third person Plural
vještačim	First person Singular
pozicije	None
stradaoče	None
vjenčava	Third person Singular
silicija	None
investitoru	None
properete	Second person Plural
krepajte	Second person Plural
podgrizate	Second person Plural
sagorevaju	Third person Plural
vrednujete	Second person Plural
ponižava	Third person Singular
miruje	Third person Singular
opljačkaju	Third person Plural
poremećuju	Third person Plural
najnevažnijim	None
asociraju	Third person Plural
pljačkaška	None
pronalaske	None
brije	Third person Singular
izrezivasmo	First person Plural
provozijaste	Second person Plural
vezite	Second person Plural
goste	Third person Plural
zasluga	None
odobrava	Third person Singular
udahne	Third person Singular
sakupljah	First person Singular
spriječile	None
financirao	None
krate	Third person Plural
titra	Third person Singular
šalji	Second person Singular
upada	Third person Singular
zlostavlja	Third person Singular
saopćuješ	Second person Singular
gubim	First person Singular
sjaj	Second person Singular
dostavljaš	Second person Singular
primećivah	First person Singular
dostojnoj	None
označava	Third person Singular
bacaju	Third person Plural
nebuloznijih	None
vraćaj	Second person Singular
skija	Third person Singular
govoreni	None
sarađuje	Third person Singular
dolazim	First person Singular
raskrižja	None
povećavahu	Third person Plural
nadviju	Third person Plural
pokazivala	None
održivoj	None
primjećujmo	First person Plural
počnemo	First person Plural
osrednji	None
ostave	Third person Plural
častoljubivim	None
djelomična	None
polijeće	Third person Singular
saznamo	First person Plural
osećaj	Second person Singular
obeshrabrivasmo	First person Plural
podbada	Third person Singular
popisuju	Third person Plural
iskaču	Third person Plural
sjećaste	Second person Plural
transporte	None
potkrepljujte	Second person Plural
rtove	None
tipka	Third person Singular
raspust	None
slikaj	Second person Singular
smatraš	Second person Singular
rukuje	Third person Singular
ovjenčamo	First person Plural
petama	None
sreli	None
klizni	Second person Singular
sklada	Third person Singular
glasujmo	First person Plural
prolistah	First person Singular
poetici	None
spajaju	Third person Plural
článka	None
diži	Second person Singular
svinjskom	None
plamičci	None
razjedinjavahu	Third person Plural
viđaš	Second person Singular
trah	First person Singular
prikupljaju	Third person Plural
primene	Third person Plural
deluju	Third person Plural
razlučivan	None
ublažuješ	Second person Singular
kuju	Third person Plural
nastoje	Third person Plural
prate	Third person Plural
razmotre	Third person Plural
prođoh	First person Singular
postojiš	Second person Singular
odgovorim	First person Singular
pokore	Third person Plural
čara	Third person Singular
vodeći	None
trofejne	None
ždrebaju	Third person Plural
objedujem	First person Singular
štuje	Third person Singular
vrpoljaste	Second person Plural
немодеран	None
pojačaju	Third person Plural
celim	First person Singular
saopćivahu	Third person Plural
naručuju	Third person Plural
ulažu	Third person Plural
cvokoćimo	First person Plural
krčme	Third person Plural
očekujte	Second person Plural
zrnja	None
kuje	Third person Singular
pene	Third person Plural
blistavu	None
brojčanika	None
izravnavaš	Second person Singular
potvrdom	None
najtrjeznijega	None
večeravaste	Second person Plural
odlučnom	None
kapituliraju	Third person Plural
školsko	None
najgorim	None
rodbinska	None
ugrušaj	Second person Singular
štavim	First person Singular
postupaju	Third person Plural
opredjeljuje	Third person Singular
razvodnih	First person Singular
planete	Second person Plural
nepažljivo	None
dira	Third person Singular
jordanska	None
obaveže	Third person Singular
stropove	None
podešene	None
razdjeljivana	None
prepišeš	Second person Singular
sajtovi	None
ohrabruj	Second person Singular
liže	Third person Singular
značajno	None
iskoristili	None
teretana	None
predlažu	Third person Plural
ponašam	First person Singular
kruniše	Third person Singular
nasljeđuj	Second person Singular
vježba	Third person Singular
kritici	None
procijene	Third person Plural
dezoksiribonukleinska	None
prikriva	Third person Singular
degradiraju	Third person Plural
odzdravljam	First person Singular
napiši	Second person Singular
izjavljuju	Third person Plural
cijene	Third person Plural
tuca	Third person Singular
prolazim	First person Singular
biraj	Second person Singular
morah	First person Singular
zaređuje	Third person Singular
rasipavaju	Third person Plural
postaše	Third person Plural
trezne	Third person Plural
vesalce	None
sretne	Third person Singular
kore	Third person Plural
povjeruju	Third person Plural
kuvam	First person Singular
propovedah	First person Singular
procijenilo	None
vikne	Third person Singular
pamtim	First person Singular
jezdim	First person Singular
prašče	None
preperimo	First person Plural
aktiviziraš	Second person Singular
djelahu	Third person Plural
odricali	None
haljine	None
propisuju	Third person Plural
radioaktivno	None
sjekirom	None
dubokoumna	None
izdvajaš	Second person Singular
nasleđuju	Third person Plural
šalje	Third person Singular
obrne	Third person Singular
vezuju	Third person Plural
prikrada	Third person Singular
prostitucija	None
trajah	First person Singular
izveštava	Third person Singular
očiste	Third person Plural
gmizaste	Second person Plural
redoslijedu	None
primaš	Second person Singular
isjekoh	First person Singular
pričvršćuju	Third person Plural
akomodacije	None
dogovore	Third person Plural
tjeraju	Third person Plural
blate	Third person Plural
jagodičnom	None
farmakolozi	None
kositra	None
psihoanalitičari	None
biraju	Third person Plural
bahatih	First person Singular
napala	None
isteruje	Third person Singular
prisluškuju	Third person Plural
porežemo	First person Plural
dopadahu	Third person Plural
krojačem	None
divu	None
sreći	Second person Singular
sretnemo	First person Plural
poviju	Third person Plural
zlatnim	None
жарчи	None
najčestitije	None
napomenimo	First person Plural
vagnusmo	First person Plural
minijaturnomu	None
zapaža	Third person Singular
tumačahu	Third person Plural
pale	Third person Plural
raščlanjuješ	Second person Singular
jednakost	None
izbeglo	None
sledbenike	None
uzimana	None
osiguraju	Third person Plural
pobegnu	Third person Plural
zbližava	Third person Singular
sagrađujete	Second person Plural
gani	Second person Singular
čekam	First person Singular
tlakovi	None
epohalnim	None
mete	Third person Singular
odjurismo	First person Plural
razbih	First person Singular
osude	Third person Plural
oticah	First person Singular
razdadoste	Second person Plural
ласцивнији	None
smrzavaju	Third person Plural
povraća	Third person Singular
smjenjuje	Third person Singular
prepiru	Third person Plural
sreću	Third person Plural
obraćamo	First person Plural
kamatnu	None
aferu	None
sljubih	First person Singular
izrasta	Third person Singular
razvrstava	Third person Singular
raseljene	None
nasamare	Third person Plural
bace	Third person Plural
stanjima	None
satiri	Second person Singular
otapah	First person Singular
pomiješana	None
oklevaju	Third person Plural
obrazovno	None
procjenjivao	None
filoloških	None
zaratiše	Third person Plural
obračunava	Third person Singular
razbuđuješ	Second person Singular
sirah	First person Singular
venčavaju	Third person Plural
nastupe	Third person Plural
snishodljivijega	None
koristile	None
najplići	None
otpuste	Third person Plural
izumijete	Second person Plural
pripisaše	Third person Plural
alarmantne	None
prime	Third person Plural
upoznaje	Third person Singular
nude	Third person Plural
vratiš	Second person Singular
okončavaju	Third person Plural
uzdržava	Third person Singular
pritisne	Third person Singular
obučavaju	Third person Plural
umetni	Second person Singular
tijela	None
suhoća	None
rini	Second person Singular
zastrašujem	First person Singular
odbojkaška	None
investitora	None
aktivirahu	Third person Plural
pomognu	Third person Plural
pozdravlja	Third person Singular
elipsama	None
pristojbe	None
prijeđu	Third person Plural
uklanjaju	Third person Plural
pojasom	None
ìznīmka	None
апсолутни	None
napadaste	Second person Plural
najgostoljubivijoj	None
proćerdasmo	First person Plural
vrijah	First person Singular
zubnoj	None
omotana	None
presuđivahu	Third person Plural
cijele	Third person Plural
duše	Third person Singular
ultrazvukom	None
otpuštaju	Third person Plural
dočekalo	None
barata	Third person Singular
prethode	Third person Plural
prelamaju	Third person Plural
prosjačah	First person Singular
dobijem	First person Singular
događaj	Second person Singular
bubnjastome	None
osvojiše	Third person Plural
upitaju	Third person Plural
držim	First person Singular
unesen	None
halucinacije	None
kasnijih	None
upotrebljavamo	First person Plural
kraljevaste	Second person Plural
zahvaćaju	Third person Plural
janjio	None
speleologija	None
uvježbava	Third person Singular
dubinom	None
štosdemfer	None
jagmljahu	Third person Plural
ujahaše	Third person Plural
silaze	Third person Plural
iskrcavaju	Third person Plural
vjerio	None
razumeš	Second person Singular
izmakni	Second person Singular
spremajte	Second person Plural
odlutaju	Third person Plural
sprovedu	Third person Plural
poremećivali	None
nacrtu	None
povode	Third person Plural
postupahu	Third person Plural
izravnah	First person Singular
atletičarom	None
himalajskim	None
akumuliraš	Second person Singular
povećaju	Third person Plural
zaleđuje	Third person Singular
napijasmo	First person Plural
natopim	First person Singular
raskršćima	None
uzmičemo	First person Plural
dostavih	First person Singular
ismijasmo	First person Plural
stignu	Third person Plural
otputuje	Third person Singular
upadaju	Third person Plural
najnervoznije	None
mozgovi	None
zaboravih	First person Singular
ukršta	Third person Singular
personalne	None
ponude	Third person Plural
màkovi	None
taštinama	None
konopom	None
uspijeva	Third person Singular
primamljuju	Third person Plural
debljaš	Second person Singular
onemogućavali	None
zataškavahu	Third person Plural
lemešu	None
labave	Third person Plural
najave	Third person Plural
raskrštavaš	Second person Singular
stilistike	None
dura	Third person Singular
buncamo	First person Plural
zibaju	Third person Plural
utovarujem	First person Singular
izvješćuje	Third person Singular
poseku	Third person Plural
seća	Third person Singular
suprotstavlja	Third person Singular
najneustrašivija	None
bilježasmo	First person Plural
ovlašćuje	Third person Singular
pratim	First person Singular
opredijele	Third person Plural
kvarc	None
kazuj	Second person Singular
obrezuju	Third person Plural
obračunavamo	First person Plural
nabije	Third person Singular
spremaju	Third person Plural
najekstremnijim	None
odgovaraju	Third person Plural
izazovu	Third person Plural
gustih	None
prepoznah	First person Singular
posećuje	Third person Singular
servisirali	None
prcah	First person Singular
uturasmo	First person Plural
preporuče	Third person Plural
bruka	Third person Singular
naguravamo	First person Plural
opterećivasmo	First person Plural
pišeš	Second person Singular
pribrajaš	Second person Singular
istupaste	Second person Plural
stonogom	None
kamerunski	None
judejski	None
ostanak	None
snalaziš	Second person Singular
preperu	Third person Plural
pjevači	None
shvaćaju	Third person Plural
zamijene	Third person Plural
bjelkinjom	None
sklanjaju	Third person Plural
putničkih	None
šlapi	None
triježnjah	First person Singular
hinjah	First person Singular
anticipirate	Second person Plural
trijebe	Third person Plural
presretne	Third person Singular
promišljaju	Third person Plural
lijepe	Third person Plural
brecaj	Second person Singular
cigane	Third person Plural
iglica	None
takozvanim	None
podrazumevam	First person Singular
unižavahu	Third person Plural
usisali	None
zadesim	First person Singular
zbrisaste	Second person Plural
izveštavaj	Second person Singular
pregovaraju	Third person Plural
prestravljivalo	None
smakne	Third person Singular
prijateljuju	Third person Plural
podudarismo	First person Plural
nadgledaju	Third person Plural
posledicama	None
prodirite	Second person Plural
pravdaju	Third person Plural
neupadljivijemu	None
prikrij	Second person Singular
tabakera	None
sintaksi	None
zavidno	None
udalje	Third person Plural
pokušam	First person Singular
predlažemo	First person Plural
gađa	Third person Singular
riječne	None
sužanjstvo	None
radiostanica	None
predbacuje	Third person Singular
teže	Third person Plural
truju	Third person Plural
primijene	Third person Plural
aristokratska	None
kotrlja	Third person Singular
kajla	None
razotkrivaju	Third person Plural
zbunjuju	Third person Plural
preotimasmo	First person Plural
pjegama	None
mijenjaju	Third person Plural
uspije	Third person Singular
opstane	Third person Singular
kazne	Third person Plural
pregrijava	Third person Singular
asistiraju	Third person Plural
dilerima	None
laička	None
obije	Third person Singular
magaradi	None
podgrejavah	First person Singular
nadjačava	Third person Singular
veseljaste	Second person Plural
potkopava	Third person Singular
prekreći	Second person Singular
tablicama	None
robovahu	Third person Plural
uručila	None
najsediji	None
ovratnika	None
tera	Third person Singular
vrijeđaju	Third person Plural
spuštahu	Third person Plural
izlučuju	Third person Plural
glasovah	First person Singular
temeljem	None
pričekivaste	Second person Plural
podmornicu	None
postave	Third person Plural
pokažeš	Second person Singular
realizmom	None
naruče	Third person Plural
razmene	Third person Plural
nagih	None
nazovemo	First person Plural
jecasmo	First person Plural
jedinim	First person Singular
zaleđujmo	First person Plural
muzi	Second person Singular
ulomaka	None
kvašena	None
sumnjičavi	None
odstreljujmo	First person Plural
navraća	Third person Singular
uhvatiše	Third person Plural
izmisle	Third person Plural
ocene	Third person Plural
sazri	Second person Singular
micah	First person Singular
vezuje	Third person Singular
iskušavahu	Third person Plural
skratim	First person Singular
odjene	Third person Singular
žlezda	None
listah	First person Singular
podesio	None
nazdravljajte	Second person Plural
grijah	First person Singular
obnavljaju	Third person Plural
sipljah	First person Singular
golubićem	None
stignemo	First person Plural
iznajmiše	Third person Plural
dobom	None
beživotnomu	None
najbitnijim	None
bezvjernim	None
elegantnijih	None
dospevaju	Third person Plural
dizajna	None
utovarivasmo	First person Plural
prikažete	Second person Plural
uplovljavaju	Third person Plural
izrađuju	Third person Plural
prodirahu	Third person Plural
prenete	Second person Plural
prostiru	Third person Plural
morate	Second person Plural
potroše	Third person Plural
osuđeni	None
izvršava	Third person Singular
praska	Third person Singular
zadešavasmo	First person Plural
osvježih	First person Singular
osećamo	First person Plural
usuđuju	Third person Plural
zamrzavaju	Third person Plural
dopirasmo	First person Plural
odmorim	First person Singular
rešiše	Third person Plural
svrstaju	Third person Plural
odimo	First person Plural
paritetu	None
astrologije	None
postavim	First person Singular
nacisti	None
srećemo	First person Plural
predomišljaste	Second person Plural
ubacim	First person Singular
gojazan	None
хуманитаран	None
bahatim	First person Singular
zadužuje	Third person Singular
razotkriva	Third person Singular
promatraju	Third person Plural
svađaju	Third person Plural
pridonose	Third person Plural
odmara	Third person Singular
razočaram	First person Singular
poručuje	Third person Singular
kartom	None
kalkirahu	Third person Plural
izbadasmo	First person Plural
zbune	Third person Plural
procene	Third person Plural
dopunjavala	None
albanskomu	None
praktičnoj	None
odzdravih	First person Singular
skrismo	First person Plural
odabere	Third person Singular
šamara	Third person Singular
posvetio	None
nepovoljne	None
lijah	First person Singular
gospodarah	First person Singular
ugrožava	Third person Singular
razglašavaš	Second person Singular
pribijamo	First person Plural
združuju	Third person Plural
spletkarahu	Third person Plural
financirajte	Second person Plural
ohladiste	Second person Plural
sačuvate	Second person Plural
rađaju	Third person Plural
oslobođenjem	None
neuroza	None
dodiruje	Third person Singular
varane	None
oličeni	None
presađuje	Third person Singular
skinemo	First person Plural
generalnu	None
epitetima	None
zaostane	Third person Singular
празноверан	None
opišete	Second person Plural
odustajem	First person Singular
ostaje	Third person Singular
batina	Third person Singular
kuvaju	Third person Plural
propuštaju	Third person Plural
prve	None
obiđu	Third person Plural
krive	Third person Plural
poprime	Third person Plural
štetu	None
utapa	Third person Singular
poznajemo	First person Plural
iskorenjeno	None
spase	Third person Plural
ulaze	Third person Plural
prepekoh	First person Singular
kritizirate	Second person Plural
čuda	None
dojkama	None
pokušajte	Second person Plural
utječemo	First person Plural
zovete	Second person Plural
prenoćuješ	Second person Singular
istakne	Third person Singular
zamera	Third person Singular
crvljivo	None
rugaju	Third person Plural
piska	Third person Singular
enciklopedijskim	None
trudu	None
ulizivasmo	First person Plural
aramejskoga	None
njujorških	None
uveličava	Third person Singular
pevaste	Second person Plural
afričkom	None
vratim	First person Singular
raspoložiste	Second person Plural
certifikata	None
težim	First person Singular
sprijateljivahu	Third person Plural
posluže	Third person Plural
glacijacijom	None
kapnuh	First person Singular
meću	Third person Plural
zaključim	First person Singular
oholjasmo	First person Plural
gusare	Third person Plural
otječe	Third person Singular
izražavamo	First person Plural
raspoložiš	Second person Singular
odjaše	Third person Singular
zgrabe	Third person Plural
baca	Third person Singular
utanačim	First person Singular
ispeku	Third person Plural
moram	First person Singular
ogorčenosti	None
krade	Third person Singular
katastrofalni	None
nogatoj	None
izostane	Third person Singular
prikazujem	First person Singular
svibanjske	None
pobeljujte	Second person Plural
muzimo	First person Plural
odabiru	Third person Plural
iseljavaju	Third person Plural
poslužuje	Third person Singular
procjenjuju	Third person Plural
duši	Second person Singular
pripremaju	Third person Plural
smjenjivaste	Second person Plural
sufizmom	None
poleću	Third person Plural
predstavnicima	None
staviše	Third person Plural
oslobode	Third person Plural
podrigivahu	Third person Plural
učvrstiše	Third person Plural
gospodinu	None
testirala	None
spuštaju	Third person Plural
napadaj	Second person Singular
otimaju	Third person Plural
lirskim	None
osniva	Third person Singular
urednu	None
otiči	Second person Singular
uzoremo	First person Plural
svidjesmo	First person Plural
lepotu	None
dugovala	None
otrovani	None
sabornicu	None
strijelu	None
pristaše	Third person Plural
silabičnim	None
pustiš	Second person Singular
krasio	None
stradavate	Second person Plural
obistinilo	None
podseća	Third person Singular
izostave	Third person Plural
ljiljana	None
istraže	Third person Plural
primoraš	Second person Singular
želucima	None
tegobama	None
sabotiraju	Third person Plural
narodnost	None
veru	Third person Plural
zanemaruj	Second person Singular
zabušavasmo	First person Plural
otpile	Third person Plural
strugah	First person Singular
odvlače	Third person Plural
ocjenjuju	Third person Plural
uzveraše	Third person Plural
spominju	Third person Plural
savladava	Third person Singular
onemogućujete	Second person Plural
bivaju	Third person Plural
načitana	None
ustanovljuje	Third person Singular
otuđuje	Third person Singular
uveličasmo	First person Plural
uvećamo	First person Plural
proteravaš	Second person Singular
jačam	First person Singular
napominjem	First person Singular
nalikuje	Third person Singular
objavljujemo	First person Plural
zaboravim	First person Singular
opsežan	None
staviš	Second person Singular
rekoh	First person Singular
sintetiziraju	Third person Plural
nagovara	Third person Singular
snižavaju	Third person Plural
psovačkima	None
uljepšavah	First person Singular
otišla	None
kuša	Third person Singular
kognitivno	None
kure	Third person Plural
najpljesnivijoj	None
smeramo	First person Plural
zastupa	Third person Singular
rida	Third person Singular
uzbudljivo	None
izričite	Second person Plural
uzvise	Third person Plural
nametnusmo	First person Plural
osjeća	Third person Singular
blagosiljate	Second person Plural
motiviraju	Third person Plural
posetioca	None
razuverile	None
latih	First person Singular
porobljivah	First person Singular
crknite	Second person Plural
formiraju	Third person Plural
tenkom	None
lajte	Second person Plural
magistara	None
silogizmom	None
čiste	Third person Plural
šepaju	Third person Plural
kompresor	None
skraćivano	None
zamjenjuju	Third person Plural
atomizaciji	None
onesposobe	Third person Plural
ostavlja	Third person Singular
presretni	Second person Singular
uhvatili	None
marahu	Third person Plural
istupaju	Third person Plural
propovedaju	Third person Plural
bjelasamo	First person Plural
odrađuje	Third person Singular
objavljuju	Third person Plural
dobročinitelji	None
planira	Third person Singular
nenadanu	None
akord	None
progovoriše	Third person Plural
maglinu	None
odgovaram	First person Singular
ukazuju	Third person Plural
dive	Third person Plural
naglašavamo	First person Plural
dobiše	Third person Plural
odsecate	Second person Plural
okuplja	Third person Singular
zaslužuješ	Second person Singular
zrcale	Third person Plural
savjetuju	Third person Plural
uzimaju	Third person Plural
vesla	Third person Singular
ograničio	None
tinjam	First person Singular
pričinjava	Third person Singular
rastaviše	Third person Plural
šiša	Third person Singular
dramatičnoga	None
durasmo	First person Plural
granica	None
cvrkućimo	First person Plural
dirajte	Second person Plural
procjenjivalo	None
izmere	Third person Plural
ukradu	Third person Plural
nadgledasmo	First person Plural
prahu	Third person Plural
kvarta	None
propijete	Second person Plural
potegni	Second person Singular
antireligiozno	None
isteravaš	Second person Singular
punim	First person Singular
ključa	Third person Singular
horizontalne	None
Bosanci	None
kude	Third person Plural
ribare	Third person Plural
poravnate	Second person Plural
tvrdim	First person Singular
zanemarene	None
provalio	None
svane	Third person Singular
savremenoga	None
strahuje	Third person Singular
izlučivah	First person Singular
svađa	Third person Singular
podoficire	None
misliš	Second person Singular
suzbio	None
rastjeramo	First person Plural
poradiše	Third person Plural
odrekli	None
ostaju	Third person Plural
pridržava	Third person Singular
zaslužuje	Third person Singular
naprave	Third person Plural
poreže	Third person Singular
savremenu	None
bezvlađe	None
zadirkivano	None
pakira	Third person Singular
albanskome	None
približavaste	Second person Plural
ubiju	Third person Plural
usisavaju	Third person Plural
senzacionalnijima	None
unižavaste	Second person Plural
farba	Third person Singular
zatekne	Third person Singular
obitavala	None
grublje	None
žigovima	None
proćerdavah	First person Singular
nagovore	Third person Plural
pristupajmo	First person Plural
ubije	Third person Singular
odaje	Third person Singular
otkopamo	First person Plural
uzorem	First person Singular
zimskom	None
veruje	Third person Singular
usavršavate	Second person Plural
iracionalnu	None
odlučuju	Third person Plural
šaltajmo	First person Plural
odvoje	Third person Plural
otpočivaste	Second person Plural
obrađuju	Third person Plural
obilježavaju	Third person Plural
umakne	Third person Singular
odela	None
uoče	Third person Plural
segni	Second person Singular
probismo	First person Plural
gutah	First person Singular
shvatim	First person Singular
serijsko	None
sretnu	Third person Plural
nastaviše	Third person Plural
buba	Third person Singular
podcrtava	Third person Singular
rasecate	Second person Plural
lipova	None
ispunjava	Third person Singular
voza	Third person Singular
zaokružujem	First person Singular
otuđio	None
suzbije	Third person Singular
prikažimo	First person Plural
zove	Third person Singular
primjenjivao	None
snalažljivijom	None
čita	Third person Singular
izlučismo	First person Plural
lože	Third person Plural
sporazumevam	First person Singular
scenarije	None
šnjofajmo	First person Plural
seže	Third person Singular
proćaskah	First person Singular
razumijem	First person Singular
nečovječniji	None
propagandne	None
obrisana	None
rasplače	Third person Singular
kleknuše	Third person Plural
cvjetajmo	First person Plural
zabija	Third person Singular
traumatični	None
neprikladnomu	None
uzore	Third person Singular
bombastično	None
prastarom	None
treniramo	First person Plural
teokratske	None
razoružavahu	Third person Plural
izbalansirate	Second person Plural
iskorijeniš	Second person Singular
vedrinu	None
ubodu	None
kompilacijama	None
njušku	None
razdvoje	Third person Plural
iznenađuju	Third person Plural
većim	None
sprijateljuju	Third person Plural
ukusnijom	None
izgube	Third person Plural
obara	Third person Singular
dešavahu	Third person Plural
viđaj	Second person Singular
pevač	None
dragaš	Second person Singular
povežemo	First person Plural
ježeve	None
oslanjaju	Third person Plural
propisivan	None
plutokratskim	None
odvlačaste	Second person Plural
vijećaš	Second person Singular
posijeku	Third person Plural
raspoređuje	Third person Singular
verenikom	None
krčalo	None
prilagođavam	First person Singular
propate	Third person Plural
hobotnicom	None
snimam	First person Singular
primijete	Third person Plural
sličnoj	None
usađujte	Second person Plural
hemijskima	None
prodrte	None
otimamo	First person Plural
tundrama	None
raspoređivasmo	First person Plural
smičemo	First person Plural
speleološko	None
dokazujemo	First person Plural
izlečivih	None
spreče	Third person Plural
kosne	Third person Singular
revanše	None
prostrijeste	Second person Plural
zimuje	Third person Singular
razore	Third person Plural
klasni	None
razaraju	Third person Plural
pokrštava	Third person Singular
blebeći	Second person Singular
kamenoga	None
prezirem	First person Singular
prokopavajmo	First person Plural
opije	Third person Singular
cepnem	First person Singular
pokunje	Third person Plural
uljepšao	None
postavljeno	None
inicijalnih	None
razglabajmo	First person Plural
prošao	None
zarade	Third person Plural
razilaziš	Second person Singular
odlećem	First person Singular
smočiš	Second person Singular
pristajem	First person Singular
buncah	First person Singular
uvrede	Third person Plural
ranjavaju	Third person Plural
dramaturgiji	None
potrajte	Second person Plural
ružicu	None
prepisujete	Second person Plural
razmnažam	First person Singular
uzburkate	Second person Plural
metne	Third person Singular
nastajmo	First person Plural
legalna	None
plaćam	First person Singular
masturbacija	None
zapošljavaju	Third person Plural
razoružaju	Third person Plural
vlažaste	Second person Plural
pripoveda	Third person Singular
prespavaju	Third person Plural
uzverite	Second person Plural
napinjasmo	First person Plural
prosvjeduju	Third person Plural
poriče	Third person Singular
želeom	None
priopćavaju	Third person Plural
zaslužuju	Third person Plural
utječu	Third person Plural
blagoslivlja	Third person Singular
postavljamo	First person Plural
protivio	None
budnice	None
ližu	Third person Plural
agamiji	None
napreduje	Third person Singular
pokrenut	None
obrukaš	Second person Singular
protivnikom	None
pučkih	None
pobih	First person Singular
dodjeljujemo	First person Plural
izmaknem	First person Singular
razjarujmo	First person Plural
traju	Third person Plural
pogađalo	None
upropašćuješ	Second person Singular
rođendanu	None
dostižna	None
lupa	Third person Singular
blatno	None
ukrcavaju	Third person Plural
odrodismo	First person Plural
mazahu	Third person Plural
otpočinusmo	First person Plural
vratilo	None
sporazumijevaju	Third person Plural
kase	None
miješa	Third person Singular
piljah	First person Singular
uvrštava	Third person Singular
znojnijoj	None
zrakoprazne	None
preostaju	Third person Plural
izdavasmo	First person Plural
kraljevo	None
sastavljam	First person Singular
podešava	Third person Singular
uvidjeh	First person Singular
pijanistom	None
ismijava	Third person Singular
razumeše	Third person Plural
liderima	None
privoljeh	First person Singular
križevački	None
nastaje	Third person Singular
krijumčare	Third person Plural
popušta	Third person Singular
flertuje	Third person Singular
obećam	First person Singular
usporava	Third person Singular
podrazumijevamo	First person Plural
raspršuju	Third person Plural
mahnite	Second person Plural
lombardiram	First person Singular
probušio	None
dovode	Third person Plural
opsedasmo	First person Plural
astmatičnima	None
nepravedne	None
uviđaju	Third person Plural
prihvate	Third person Plural
umišlja	Third person Singular
zgusne	Third person Singular
smeš	Second person Singular
osvaja	Third person Singular
odradih	First person Singular
odsekle	None
uzimamo	First person Plural
pribraja	Third person Singular
kazuje	Third person Singular
uljepšavaju	Third person Plural
pretjeruje	Third person Singular
raziđu	Third person Plural
prizove	Third person Singular
siđoše	Third person Plural
komfornijim	None
zauzima	Third person Singular
nedostajete	Second person Plural
kafanama	None
povežete	Second person Plural
osjete	Third person Plural
prestanite	Second person Plural
odgrizu	Third person Plural
prsni	Second person Singular
realnost	None
nalazim	First person Singular
izrečene	None
poznamo	First person Plural
naivnijemu	None
učlanim	First person Singular
šarao	None
pripovijedaš	Second person Singular
zabržete	Second person Plural
provođasmo	First person Plural
spomene	Third person Singular
sustiži	Second person Singular
pretukoh	First person Singular
brȍjci	None
fratárā	None
pokreće	Third person Singular
ustajte	Second person Plural
nasleđuje	Third person Singular
šute	Third person Plural
zvanična	None
upaljivasmo	First person Plural
visoka	None
obeštetiš	Second person Singular
osvježavaju	Third person Plural
buradi	None
nadvladava	Third person Singular
tele	None
najvrelijim	None
uspevaju	Third person Plural
oluju	None
rasplamsalo	None
popunjavaju	Third person Plural
najskromnijima	None
nadahnjivaste	Second person Plural
pobjegni	Second person Singular
dodeljujemo	First person Plural
gužva	Third person Singular
protiču	Third person Plural
prlja	Third person Singular
ničem	First person Singular
uvjeravaju	Third person Plural
burmansku	None
usisava	Third person Singular
prisjetila	None
perzijskoga	None
rekurziju	None
škveranine	None
izabirah	First person Singular
izveštavaju	Third person Plural
posluju	Third person Plural
omekšavaste	Second person Plural
povjeruj	Second person Singular
klize	Third person Plural
stavljamo	First person Plural
obračunavaju	Third person Plural
pribavljaju	Third person Plural
monetarna	None
priznam	First person Singular
određuju	Third person Plural
narodim	First person Singular
iskažu	Third person Plural
proširuju	Third person Plural
vrglo	None
rasklopismo	First person Plural
županiji	None
planirate	Second person Plural
ispituju	Third person Plural
udruže	Third person Plural
slade	Third person Plural
setim	First person Singular
proizvoljne	None
ovladavaju	Third person Plural
djela	Third person Singular
pitam	First person Singular
šport	None
obavlja	Third person Singular
kažeš	Second person Singular
napučismo	First person Plural
išibaste	Second person Plural
nasmije	Third person Singular
ubrzaju	Third person Plural
najlascivniju	None
singlovi	None
namene	Third person Plural
ostajem	First person Singular
pisao	None
odete	Second person Plural
imitira	Third person Singular
zacjeljivasmo	First person Plural
crnkasto	None
odlazilo	None
raspetljah	First person Singular
naoružaju	Third person Plural
zakopavaju	Third person Plural
besposličahu	Third person Plural
mijete	Second person Plural
krčka	Third person Singular
instalacija	None
oporaviše	Third person Plural
tresu	Third person Plural
gozbi	None
otkazuju	Third person Plural
uvećava	Third person Singular
gledate	Second person Plural
najraspoznatljivijemu	None
priložna	None
cenzore	None
pustinjačkim	None
najdostupniji	None
crva	None
utvara	Third person Singular
kažete	Second person Plural
tešu	Third person Plural
doplivaše	Third person Plural
zablejiš	Second person Singular
šiljiš	Second person Singular
tèkstīl	None
spojiš	Second person Singular
čekirasmo	First person Plural
dužnicima	None
miruju	Third person Plural
kandidatom	None
ratobornih	None
levate	Second person Plural
isterajte	Second person Plural
oduzimao	None
frkahu	Third person Plural
zaklinje	Third person Singular
razumete	Second person Plural
obija	Third person Singular
vijeka	None
trčkara	Third person Singular
iranska	None
tepe	Third person Singular
pridruže	Third person Plural
magijski	None
spasismo	First person Plural
protivnapada	None
sjedaju	Third person Plural
izađi	Second person Singular
pravovjerja	None
pokušajmo	First person Plural
suneš	Second person Singular
baziraju	Third person Plural
najlepših	None
pakuje	Third person Singular
prepolovljujete	Second person Plural
osvete	Third person Plural
obuhvate	Third person Plural
ukrštaju	Third person Plural
salezijanskoj	None
situacijom	None
kažnjava	Third person Singular
zloupotrebiste	Second person Plural
opija	Third person Singular
izbjegavao	None
odlučih	First person Singular
otkazuje	Third person Singular
ispeci	Second person Singular
zapovijedam	First person Singular
усамљени	None
presreću	Third person Plural
promjeri	None
dobiješ	Second person Singular
odradiste	Second person Plural
cvati	Second person Singular
odlijećite	Second person Plural
dospijevajte	Second person Plural
hipokritu	None
poslužiše	Third person Plural
izbjegavajmo	First person Plural
upotrebljavaju	Third person Plural
iznajmljuje	Third person Singular
podrazumeva	Third person Singular
vikama	None
ostaviše	Third person Plural
zabliještih	First person Singular
suočavajmo	First person Plural
štrajka	Third person Singular
pripadam	First person Singular
pjevam	First person Singular
zaleđuju	Third person Plural
krstare	Third person Plural
srijedom	None
izgledam	First person Singular
govoriš	Second person Singular
izloženo	None
zabranjuje	Third person Singular
prijavljuju	Third person Plural
pobeđuje	Third person Singular
preotme	Third person Singular
kuhamo	First person Plural
širokoga	None
sastavlja	Third person Singular
opire	Third person Singular
opiju	Third person Plural
prerastu	Third person Plural
raspu	Third person Plural
opat	None
ustaje	Third person Singular
uzdržavasmo	First person Plural
sajamskih	None
utemeljuje	Third person Singular
ugušivahu	Third person Plural
izlaze	Third person Plural
dignu	Third person Plural
pozdravljaju	Third person Plural
ovjenčavajmo	First person Plural
učine	Third person Plural
zbunjujete	Second person Plural
očekivanju	None
ustani	Second person Singular
posjeduje	Third person Singular
propija	Third person Singular
sever	None
manjinski	None
motivima	None
alzaškom	None
okolišima	None
lutriji	None
zabave	Third person Plural
filom	None
spaja	Third person Singular
opečemo	First person Plural
abdikacijom	None
zločini	None
uši	None
pluta	Third person Singular
izbacuju	Third person Plural
prilagodiš	Second person Singular
prisjećaju	Third person Plural
iskopava	Third person Singular
japanski	None
potkrepljene	None
ujedinjeni	None
uplaše	Third person Plural
jemenskim	None
oduzimaju	Third person Plural
propišu	Third person Plural
slamke	None
pljuju	Third person Plural
obrubljuje	Third person Singular
nastavljamo	First person Plural
elastičnom	None
turistički	None
uzvikuju	Third person Plural
štedeli	None
smiruju	Third person Plural
ispisuje	Third person Singular
potvrđuju	Third person Plural
ranjenicom	None
nahrupljujemo	First person Plural
brini	Second person Singular
gimnastike	None
pozdravim	First person Singular
bušele	None
internoj	None
barkama	None
pretpostavljamo	First person Plural
izoremo	First person Plural
prokrijumčare	Third person Plural
služe	Third person Plural
iznenadni	None
dodjeljivali	None
nagovešćuj	Second person Singular
mni	Third person Singular
sunča	Third person Singular
izgleda	Third person Singular
pristaju	Third person Plural
ekavica	None
zriju	Third person Plural
onesposobim	First person Singular
sađene	None
izbegavaš	Second person Singular
seče	Third person Singular
bitke	None
ambulantnih	None
opčine	Third person Plural
srećnim	None
helija	None
pretpostavljam	First person Singular
pretpostaviše	Third person Plural
najtrajniji	None
prerađeno	None
bičuje	Third person Singular
naglašava	Third person Singular
adi	None
doživljavamo	First person Plural
izruče	Third person Plural
obuzdaju	Third person Plural
crkava	Third person Singular
kidaju	Third person Plural
iznenađujemo	First person Plural
vjeruju	Third person Plural
otpišete	Second person Plural
pripoje	Third person Plural
mašine	None
označili	None
osakatim	First person Singular
jedanaestorice	None
sračunavajmo	First person Plural
ustrojavaju	Third person Plural
nasmeje	Third person Singular
dezoksiribonukleinskome	None
mliječnim	None
ukažite	Second person Plural
popere	Third person Singular
gladijatore	None
zvocate	Second person Plural
pismo	None
seksualna	None
pečate	None
бахреински	None
najatraktivnije	None
zakunu	Third person Plural
izgubljen	None
uprljajmo	First person Plural
sazrijeva	Third person Singular
pogađa	Third person Singular
rasekle	None
odrasta	Third person Singular
predstave	Third person Plural
cesto	None
taru	Third person Plural
ufa	Third person Singular
sastanu	Third person Plural
objedinjava	Third person Singular
podčinjavajmo	First person Plural
topljasmo	First person Plural
izražavaju	Third person Plural
financiraju	Third person Plural
obimniji	None
postizasmo	First person Plural
raspadnu	Third person Plural
mare	Third person Plural
otvoriše	Third person Plural
povjerava	Third person Singular
zameriste	Second person Plural
provodim	First person Singular
kazuju	Third person Plural
ugrušasmo	First person Plural
napune	Third person Plural
žderače	None
obuzima	Third person Singular
zatraže	Third person Plural
bocka	Third person Singular
bira	Third person Singular
zapregnuh	First person Singular
omogućavaju	Third person Plural
projiciraju	Third person Plural
vrhunska	None
usmjeravaju	Third person Plural
očekuju	Third person Plural
pratnje	None
sitnim	First person Singular
buđaste	Second person Plural
smanjuješ	Second person Singular
jarkim	None
odgovorniji	None
propoveda	Third person Singular
ugrizaju	Third person Plural
preruše	Third person Plural
da	Third person Singular
doselim	First person Singular
odstupe	Third person Plural
razuverava	Third person Singular
uvere	Third person Plural
odbijani	None
kašupskom	None
provjerava	Third person Singular
prigovore	Third person Plural
strugaru	None
krepe	Third person Plural
pijte	Second person Plural
zamičem	First person Singular
ovsa	None
krvim	First person Singular
smeštaju	Third person Plural
odbrane	Third person Plural
pređoste	Second person Plural
srknuh	First person Singular
hara	Third person Singular
nazdrave	Third person Plural
glinene	None
vej	Second person Singular
obeščastismo	First person Plural
skandinavskoj	None
krvave	Third person Plural
otkriva	Third person Singular
ukažemo	First person Plural
dosegnite	Second person Plural
obožavaju	Third person Plural
poleće	Third person Singular
donesene	None
ubada	Third person Singular
venčaš	Second person Singular
ostvaruju	Third person Plural
sakraliziraju	Third person Plural
čuče	Third person Plural
prijateljujete	Second person Plural
poveruju	Third person Plural
povećavamo	First person Plural
krešu	Third person Plural
učismo	First person Plural
otkrivaju	Third person Plural
ublažuju	Third person Plural
doseže	Third person Singular
ugreje	Third person Singular
senzacionalan	None
ukrase	Third person Plural
djeluje	Third person Singular
postavljajte	Second person Plural
primjećujemo	First person Plural
opisuju	Third person Plural
dopiru	Third person Plural
idealni	None
dobivaju	Third person Plural
dostigne	Third person Singular
dodeljujmo	First person Plural
razlažimo	First person Plural
pregiba	Third person Singular
kuva	Third person Singular
zapadni	None
raspadnuto	None
raščlanjuju	Third person Plural
presvučen	None
istoga	None
nadjačasmo	First person Plural
usuđuje	Third person Singular
podrazumijevaju	Third person Plural
sme	Third person Singular
tepate	Second person Plural
skandirajte	Second person Plural
novonastalu	None
raspleteš	Second person Singular
bijelim	First person Singular
obavijeste	Third person Plural
razbacuje	Third person Singular
odreže	Third person Singular
bilijunu	None
sapleteš	Second person Singular
odaberete	Second person Plural
vesele	Third person Plural
orahu	Third person Plural
zamislismo	First person Plural
priča	Third person Singular
ukrštava	Third person Singular
sećaju	Third person Plural
sastajali	None
prkosio	None
најсолиднији	None
prizivaju	Third person Plural
pomognut	None
ismeje	Third person Singular
naslanjaju	Third person Plural
skupljahu	Third person Plural
priđeš	Second person Singular
izrezuje	Third person Singular
odjahujete	Second person Plural
izdržava	Third person Singular
rastavljaju	Third person Plural
preslikaju	Third person Plural
vjenčavahu	Third person Plural
protivljaste	Second person Plural
oživljeni	None
nagodismo	First person Plural
dignete	Second person Plural
štalama	None
tuguje	Third person Singular
dirne	Third person Singular
gadiš	Second person Singular
predbacivahu	Third person Plural
takmičenje	None
potpišu	Third person Plural
upotrebljavajmo	First person Plural
služah	First person Singular
srne	Third person Singular
nosim	First person Singular
zabunkeriraj	Second person Singular
sijeku	Third person Plural
oduzmemo	First person Plural
dogodim	First person Singular
prikaži	Second person Singular
pjevahu	Third person Plural
osokoljen	None
sabijali	None
zamenjuju	Third person Plural
odeš	Second person Singular
preporučujem	First person Singular
izrečeni	None
izdavalo	None
načitanom	None
vlasnica	None
naslijede	Third person Plural
pronađem	First person Singular
podudarnom	None
besplatno	None
fundamentalnim	None
abdicira	Third person Singular
potvrđivahu	Third person Plural
stočar	None
vrište	Third person Plural
obilježim	First person Singular
promicali	None
riblje	None
naberite	Second person Plural
podnosim	First person Singular
izaslanika	None
kenjaš	Second person Singular
imperfekti	None
izgledali	None
cikličkih	None
loptaste	Second person Plural
povezalo	None
najbalavijega	None
izdaje	Third person Singular
anarhizmu	None
događaju	Third person Plural
uda	Third person Singular
zabetoniraj	Second person Singular
grebu	Third person Plural
ospore	Third person Plural
pozorište	None
zapadnjačka	None
prosjačahu	Third person Plural
prekipjeli	None
budaku	None
odvukli	None
organizma	None
isključiš	Second person Singular
deluje	Third person Singular
jovi	None
izbegavam	First person Singular
prepoznaje	Third person Singular
izdiše	Third person Singular
čuđaste	Second person Plural
spaljuju	Third person Plural
robusnost	None
otklone	Third person Plural
seju	Third person Plural
preferiraju	Third person Plural
upozoravaju	Third person Plural
stisne	Third person Singular
osvježava	Third person Singular
zamišljaju	Third person Plural
tetoviraj	Second person Singular
trajektne	None
deri	Second person Singular
organe	None
studenome	None
obmanjivahu	Third person Plural
izlučih	First person Singular
hercegovačkim	None
onemogućuje	Third person Singular
ujedinila	None
posustaje	Third person Singular
nagrnuste	Second person Plural
federalistička	None
podvalim	First person Singular
poroznim	None
germanizirate	Second person Plural
izaberite	Second person Plural
predstavljaj	Second person Singular
najneugledniju	None
zapisuje	Third person Singular
ustanu	Third person Plural
avanturom	None
zapazili	None
lišava	Third person Singular
platforme	None
obvezuju	Third person Plural
sjenci	None
vijte	Second person Plural
zahvaćah	First person Singular
iskrcaju	Third person Plural
prosvjedujemo	First person Plural
inovativno	None
šeširdžija	None
pokažem	First person Singular
naginje	Third person Singular
kažnjavaju	Third person Plural
odlećeš	Second person Singular
pristajale	None
ruj	Second person Singular
lijevaju	Third person Plural
narkoticima	None
zahvalim	First person Singular
prelama	Third person Singular
partijske	None
hinjahu	Third person Plural
pljuštajmo	First person Plural
dečke	None
predate	Second person Plural
omoguće	Third person Plural
vračaju	Third person Plural
paradira	Third person Singular
pośetile	None
poleteh	First person Singular
napnete	Second person Plural
lekseme	None
uvale	Third person Plural
prebijmo	First person Plural
zvonik	None
uhvate	Third person Plural
nagovještavaju	Third person Plural
talasa	Third person Singular
najravnomernijima	None
usuđujem	First person Singular
posvećuju	Third person Plural
sačuvaju	Third person Plural
okrene	Third person Singular
primoravaju	Third person Plural
haj	Second person Singular
siluju	Third person Plural
opisuj	Second person Singular
obrubljuju	Third person Plural
satiru	Third person Plural
računima	None
prže	Third person Plural
svijeća	None
kriminologija	None
zamisle	Third person Plural
zatražismo	First person Plural
dopunjava	Third person Singular
prepoznat	None
tračevi	None
izdvojen	None
zgrtaste	Second person Plural
pobude	Third person Plural
raspoznaje	Third person Singular
iscrpljuju	Third person Plural
krivudamo	First person Plural
ugrade	Third person Plural
dopuštaju	Third person Plural
opaža	Third person Singular
cere	Third person Plural
ukidaju	Third person Plural
preplaćuje	Third person Singular
uzlijeću	Third person Plural
očarava	Third person Singular
deficitima	None
opažaj	Second person Singular
bijeljah	First person Singular
upotrijebe	Third person Plural
povratnici	None
iskopani	None
nezgodnu	None
zalevate	Second person Plural
smjerate	Second person Plural
pojačaj	Second person Singular
svjedoče	Third person Plural
pojavila	None
inventivni	None
zastrašuje	Third person Singular
trga	Third person Singular
tihom	None
zabranjivahu	Third person Plural
kontroverznom	None
posvetih	First person Singular
konačnu	None
razrušen	None
omotaste	Second person Plural
sjeća	Third person Singular
ovenčavajmo	First person Plural
predahnuste	Second person Plural
oprasmo	First person Plural
partijskim	None
obitava	Third person Singular
nihilistički	None
blista	Third person Singular
zgusnusmo	First person Plural
motraste	Second person Plural
prigodne	None
prisilismo	First person Plural
ugase	Third person Plural
navodnike	None
drugo	None
razumijeva	Third person Singular
hitnom	None
gravitiraš	Second person Singular
iskrcaj	Second person Singular
obraća	Third person Singular
izmamiste	Second person Plural
drhte	Third person Plural
svežu	Third person Plural
sretneš	Second person Singular
najnebogiji	None
odmarala	None
propušismo	First person Plural
prepiše	Third person Singular
savini	Second person Singular
zbijaju	Third person Plural
pretpostavlja	Third person Singular
rubeškoj	None
odzvanja	Third person Singular
liše	Third person Plural
primesa	None
sapne	Third person Singular
prelamajmo	First person Plural
leva	Third person Singular
razrade	Third person Plural
slepoočne	None
kida	Third person Singular
kaje	Third person Singular
stišava	Third person Singular
prevladava	Third person Singular
slijed	None
šeće	Third person Singular
živcirana	None
tkaju	Third person Plural
izračunaju	Third person Plural
prokušava	Third person Singular
optimalan	None
potežu	Third person Plural
najfunkcionalnijima	None
krije	Third person Singular
spašavaju	Third person Plural
linčuješ	Second person Singular
glasaju	Third person Plural
ugrađuješ	Second person Singular
pipe	None
sejah	First person Singular
rasterećujmo	First person Plural
privezujete	Second person Plural
plate	Third person Plural
rasporeda	None
pljačka	Third person Singular
studiraju	Third person Plural
slušaš	Second person Singular
sprema	Third person Singular
rastjerasmo	First person Plural
postojim	First person Singular
opažamo	First person Plural
srećnih	None
impregniraj	None
nasilnikom	None
iskočiše	Third person Plural
vrate	Third person Plural
održavamo	First person Plural
prepuštaju	Third person Plural
mesnati	None
najnaprednije	None
tuguju	Third person Plural
rastajmo	First person Plural
teleskopska	None
razoružavaš	Second person Singular
otvorismo	First person Plural
ugađa	Third person Singular
preteruj	Second person Singular
peru	Third person Plural
mejitom	None
ozbiljnu	None
malarijom	None
propovjedaonica	None
sahranjuju	Third person Plural
zaključuju	Third person Plural
uspijmo	First person Plural
beri	Second person Singular
nerazgovijetnim	None
krepavahu	Third person Plural
izbacuje	Third person Singular
barbare	None
stignite	Second person Plural
kupama	None
artiljerija	None
odškrinete	Second person Plural
pridodate	Second person Plural
razdeljivahu	Third person Plural
krajiški	None
grgeč	None
objektivizma	None
unitaristički	None
ponestane	Third person Singular
osećaju	Third person Plural
prigrizah	First person Singular
izlučuje	Third person Singular
napiste	Second person Plural
pobijede	Third person Plural
vojvodama	None
homolognom	None
dosađivah	First person Singular
nabrajam	First person Singular
pravosudnom	None
izdvajaju	Third person Plural
sastanimo	First person Plural
prestižu	Third person Plural
rinimo	First person Plural
umišljaju	Third person Plural
zalutaju	Third person Plural
odjenuše	Third person Plural
raspletu	Third person Plural
povjere	Third person Plural
ciknete	Second person Plural
isecamo	First person Plural
zabrzavate	Second person Plural
kolju	Third person Plural
viknemo	First person Plural
cure	Third person Plural
natpisa	None
kupalištu	None
razlikuju	Third person Plural
jurcaš	Second person Singular
briše	Third person Singular
inkarnacijama	None
procenjuje	Third person Singular
puščanu	None
zapišu	Third person Plural
bánōvā	None
oslobađaju	Third person Plural
boži	None
arhitektonskih	None
blijede	Third person Plural
razrađuje	Third person Singular
mobilnu	None
izgovaraju	Third person Plural
sifilisom	None
nahrupljujete	Second person Plural
zakažu	Third person Plural
premlaćujemo	First person Plural
nerviraste	Second person Plural
razdire	Third person Singular
ogrejmo	First person Plural
glavaru	None
brišem	First person Singular
otmjene	None
izgnali	None
uzbune	Third person Plural
dočarava	Third person Singular
prebacivani	None
materinji	None
sviđale	None
glumim	First person Singular
kafa	None
šiljaste	Second person Plural
razočaravaste	Second person Plural
buncam	First person Singular
odstrelim	First person Singular
povjeravajmo	First person Plural
koracaš	Second person Singular
galame	Third person Plural
obrazuje	Third person Singular
hlapiš	Second person Singular
limfe	None
hrapavost	None
ratno	None
vjerovnicima	None
oštriji	None
borah	First person Singular
konvencionalnima	None
guramo	First person Plural
zavladavaste	Second person Plural
ugriza	Third person Singular
trendovima	None
kličete	Second person Plural
spoznavaste	Second person Plural
zamakneš	Second person Singular
simultanome	None
klanjaju	Third person Plural
zajašeš	Second person Singular
blokiraju	Third person Plural
naoštre	Third person Plural
štrajkajte	Second person Plural
primećuje	Third person Singular
tamnoput	None
cepeline	None
nameravaju	Third person Plural
tornjaste	Second person Plural
bogate	Third person Plural
skrene	Third person Singular
uništavaju	Third person Plural
permanentnoga	None
vješa	Third person Singular
sklope	Third person Plural
smještaj	Second person Singular
prevladaju	Third person Plural
pitajte	Second person Plural
namaknemo	First person Plural
uvriježeni	None
zauzmemo	First person Plural
guše	Third person Plural
otopiš	Second person Singular
pjevajte	Second person Plural
lečasmo	First person Plural
centrifugalno	None
rešava	Third person Singular
dohvate	Third person Plural
filantropska	None
usude	Third person Plural
posrednika	None
sežu	Third person Plural
rese	Third person Plural
diktatom	None
povlačim	First person Singular
pokućstva	None
trate	Third person Plural
vijemo	First person Plural
sadržalo	None
gospodi	None
objavljivasmo	First person Plural
susednoj	None
vezi	Second person Singular
moramo	First person Plural
trude	Third person Plural
uklinjemo	First person Plural
carevoj	None
napominjasmo	First person Plural
парадоксалнији	None
slikajte	Second person Plural
properu	Third person Plural
protive	Third person Plural
pohvale	Third person Plural
istjeraju	Third person Plural
brodskoj	None
ispadate	Second person Plural
veselim	First person Singular
kalkiraš	Second person Singular
sidrište	None
koče	Third person Plural
izostaju	Third person Plural
arene	None
pjevove	None
usložnjava	Third person Singular
sljepoočnicu	None
slama	Third person Singular
svijetom	None
plaća	Third person Singular
ugibaju	Third person Plural
okrenemo	First person Plural
razoružali	None
podsećajmo	First person Plural
jug	None
propagandnu	None
razumiju	Third person Plural
silan	None
gaze	Third person Plural
štete	Third person Plural
svladava	Third person Singular
fregatom	None
napadah	First person Singular
sruše	Third person Plural
istovaruj	Second person Singular
aman	None
uski	None
utvrde	Third person Plural
pregrij	Second person Singular
zapošljava	Third person Singular
verujemo	First person Plural
škorpìōn	None
samozadovoljavahu	Third person Plural
ponaša	Third person Singular
kongregacijama	None
rukotvorina	None
iranskoj	None
blizak	None
arterijskom	None
odabire	Third person Singular
ispija	Third person Singular
vadim	First person Singular
spekulirah	First person Singular
robujete	Second person Plural
rasterete	Third person Plural
uvlačim	First person Singular
obrije	Third person Singular
propovedajmo	First person Plural
laže	Third person Singular
poslužuješ	Second person Singular
prozvaše	Third person Plural
kupi	None
prdnulo	None
poznu	None
krivuda	Third person Singular
žanje	Third person Singular
krvavljah	First person Singular
uđite	Second person Plural
dolikuje	Third person Singular
oživljavaju	Third person Plural
primijetim	First person Singular
profesionalniji	None
ljubomorne	None
katete	None
sirijski	None
birate	Second person Plural
sedlasta	None
žure	Third person Plural
zagriju	Third person Plural
rade	Third person Plural
izljubljuju	Third person Plural
sabotažu	None
pričaj	Second person Singular
skrate	Third person Plural
ovlašćujete	Second person Plural
truj	Second person Singular
nose	Third person Plural
razbija	Third person Singular
ugrizasmo	First person Plural
obijte	Second person Plural
uređaju	None
opredeljeni	None
izgrađuju	Third person Plural
soneta	None
gone	Third person Plural
hine	Third person Plural
pođu	Third person Plural
pokušavaju	Third person Plural
ispune	Third person Plural
štucnusmo	First person Plural
detektiraju	Third person Plural
izbacivahu	Third person Plural
nakanom	None
prizorom	None
slušam	First person Singular
pročitajte	Second person Plural
savjetodavne	None
popraćivasmo	First person Plural
razapne	Third person Singular
zapada	Third person Singular
pakuju	Third person Plural
blaže	Third person Plural
iluziji	None
smrskaše	Third person Plural
napunjeni	None
proplakivasmo	First person Plural
nadgleda	Third person Singular
nabacuje	Third person Singular
nižem	First person Singular
žestoka	None
ljubiš	Second person Singular
zabiste	Second person Plural
kibernetika	None
nahuškam	First person Singular
spojiše	Third person Plural
traumatizirate	Second person Plural
završim	First person Singular
prožeto	None
dobijete	Second person Plural
bježe	Third person Plural
svladao	None
sklonih	First person Singular
dune	Third person Singular
saznate	Second person Plural
neprestanom	None
priopćavah	First person Singular
kresasmo	First person Plural
iskoriste	Third person Plural
nesi	Second person Singular
odgrizoše	Third person Plural
toksine	None
izgara	Third person Singular
šniramo	First person Plural
kostriješah	First person Singular
takoše	Third person Plural
cerekaš	Second person Singular
prepričava	Third person Singular
prisjeća	Third person Singular
amanu	None
suočava	Third person Singular
ugovoriš	Second person Singular
okreće	Third person Singular
bodljikavu	None
niču	Third person Plural
pomakne	Third person Singular
pomišljaju	Third person Plural
opravdaju	Third person Plural
dospijevaj	Second person Singular
obrćete	Second person Plural
uvećaju	Third person Plural
usavršavaš	Second person Singular
opterećuju	Third person Plural
opušta	Third person Singular
uveličavalo	None
iritirasmo	First person Plural
integrìtēt	None
fleksibilnim	None
kiseliji	None
razmišlja	Third person Singular
nizinska	None
zabranismo	First person Plural
zapecimo	First person Plural
cimerice	None
raširismo	First person Plural
paćenikom	None
oltarom	None
kreditnom	None
bode	Third person Singular
dođoše	Third person Plural
odgađaju	Third person Plural
nezaposlene	None
zadovoljava	Third person Singular
spazismo	First person Plural
naslikaste	Second person Plural
privedu	Third person Plural
uznemiravahu	Third person Plural
neprestanih	None
prisiljavajmo	First person Plural
saziva	Third person Singular
glođite	Second person Plural
jastuke	None
brinem	First person Singular
nabodite	Second person Plural
označavao	None
odijevao	None
približavaju	Third person Plural
ucjenjuje	Third person Singular
pokazateljima	None
proradiste	Second person Plural
pobedim	First person Singular
ograđuje	Third person Singular
ostane	Third person Singular
stvarnu	None
уредан	None
škrgućite	Second person Plural
karate	Second person Plural
kratkotrajnostima	None
obrazlažu	Third person Plural
zapovede	Third person Plural
odmaži	Second person Singular
pokušava	Third person Singular
bježaste	Second person Plural
statičkoj	None
zabržu	Third person Plural
potočno	None
poperem	First person Singular
obučeš	Second person Singular
onemogućavaju	Third person Plural
iznuđuju	Third person Plural
bukne	Third person Singular
tutnjile	None
najpogodniji	None
kočiš	Second person Singular
kenjam	First person Singular
stagnirao	None
trzaju	Third person Plural
pridobije	Third person Singular
celjasmo	First person Plural
isplativa	None
obučava	Third person Singular
nepristupačnih	None
vređaju	Third person Plural
blati	Third person Singular
sapletosmo	First person Plural
počine	Third person Plural
obećavaju	Third person Plural
anotirahu	Third person Plural
nadzire	Third person Singular
paradiraju	Third person Plural
lunarnu	None
postavljam	First person Singular
jednosmjerna	None
uzlijeće	Third person Singular
šljapnuše	Third person Plural
predajem	First person Singular
čekaju	Third person Plural
mašite	Second person Plural
uporabe	Third person Plural
modeliram	First person Singular
venčanju	None
zacementiraj	Second person Singular
pobjeđujemo	First person Plural
videokasétā	None
meša	Third person Singular
olakšavaste	Second person Plural
žudnjo	None
jednorog	None
pivarska	None
sakupljajmo	First person Plural
proplačeš	Second person Singular
ribolóvca	None
sahnemo	First person Plural
raspodeljivah	First person Singular
usadiše	Third person Plural
narednikom	None
kockaste	Second person Plural
odvuku	Third person Plural
zaključujemo	First person Plural
prepričana	None
rekne	Third person Singular
razmenjuju	Third person Plural
mažite	Second person Plural
napraviš	Second person Singular
plòdovi	None
odrađuju	Third person Plural
daruj	Second person Singular
zavođahu	Third person Plural
kini	Second person Singular
sustaju	Third person Plural
smotaju	Third person Plural
odoleva	Third person Singular
klanjamo	First person Plural
zapregnite	Second person Plural
dozvoljavam	First person Singular
osnuje	Third person Singular
ispričava	Third person Singular
zamičite	Second person Plural
obraćaju	Third person Plural
najpreciznija	None
razotkriju	Third person Plural
razmatramo	First person Plural
kvare	Third person Plural
uočavaju	Third person Plural
predomišljajmo	First person Plural
zavaraju	Third person Plural
lelečite	Second person Plural
gošćo	None
zaostaju	Third person Plural
poboljšavam	First person Singular
presretnu	Third person Plural
razmiče	Third person Singular
robuje	Third person Singular
karaj	Second person Singular
sićušni	None
odugovlačena	None
tadžikistanski	None
doznajemo	First person Plural
izbeživome	None
luftiram	First person Singular
pogode	Third person Plural
nadahnjuju	Third person Plural
balim	First person Singular
prodire	Third person Singular
promijenih	First person Singular
čitljivijima	None
tumara	Third person Singular
trzajte	Second person Plural
gošćaste	Second person Plural
vergla	Third person Singular
smatram	First person Singular
gledaj	Second person Singular
glasam	First person Singular
otpočinem	First person Singular
rastane	Third person Singular
odudara	Third person Singular
blagoslivljah	First person Singular
izgoreli	None
rine	Third person Singular
čuva	Third person Singular
obraduje	Third person Singular
dosežeš	Second person Singular
bjekstva	None
skuvaju	Third person Plural
prekinite	Second person Plural
cjelini	None
preračunavaju	Third person Plural
orane	None
karbonat	None
izbave	Third person Plural
pljuvasmo	First person Plural
najprsatiji	None
obrađujemo	First person Plural
proračunam	First person Singular
prikažem	First person Singular
munjevito	None
identičan	None
komunizma	None
pažljivijemu	None
zeničnih	None
smeše	Third person Plural
opijajmo	First person Plural
osramoćivah	First person Singular
polože	Third person Plural
razbijamo	First person Plural
briju	Third person Plural
ugrađuje	Third person Singular
bičuju	Third person Plural
zabije	Third person Singular
naglašavaju	Third person Plural
pokrivaču	None
zbrinjavahu	Third person Plural
pasivna	None
ubrizgavaju	Third person Plural
pobuđuju	Third person Plural
vatrometu	None
predvodim	First person Singular
posade	Third person Plural
stavljam	First person Singular
riskantne	None
nosa	Third person Singular
sinovci	None
ispuste	Third person Plural
kurzivi	None
gaknuste	Second person Plural
dodirne	Third person Singular
dolikujete	Second person Plural
pređimo	First person Plural
tehnički	None
obećava	Third person Singular
opomene	Third person Singular
pojure	Third person Plural
sedam	First person Singular
obrađuje	Third person Singular
zadovolje	Third person Plural
popuste	Third person Plural
kristaliziraju	Third person Plural
obmane	Third person Singular
parlamentarnom	None
prekrivaju	Third person Plural
kršćanina	None
probude	Third person Plural
izraze	Third person Plural
obustave	Third person Plural
sokom	None
pješačaste	Second person Plural
pogledaš	Second person Singular
zastupaju	Third person Plural
puste	Third person Plural
delaš	Second person Singular
stavljajte	Second person Plural
promišlja	Third person Singular
nadmoćnu	None
nailazilo	None
dešavaju	Third person Plural
blistahu	Third person Plural
zatvorih	First person Singular
špijuniraju	Third person Plural
koljemo	First person Plural
merili	None
pokušamo	First person Plural
onečišćuješ	Second person Singular
sažalijevaj	Second person Singular
presecaju	Third person Plural
urednicu	None
kantu	None
egipatskoj	None
dave	Third person Plural
privikoh	First person Singular
počinjemo	First person Plural
naslikaše	Third person Plural
venite	Second person Plural
bude	Third person Plural
odustaje	Third person Singular
razjurim	First person Singular
obnavlja	Third person Singular
podučavamo	First person Plural
međusobno	None
malobrojna	None
koleba	Third person Singular
isključuju	Third person Plural
progrizate	Second person Plural
sude	Third person Plural
izazove	Third person Singular
stadioni	None
inauguracija	None
kreši	Second person Singular
štrajkaju	Third person Plural
driblasmo	First person Plural
iskazuju	Third person Plural
izvoze	Third person Plural
iskušava	Third person Singular
znane	None
uzmiču	Third person Plural
zapažaju	Third person Plural
prose	Third person Plural
pretuku	Third person Plural
oduzet	None
raskalašnim	None
progrizosmo	First person Plural
razlikuje	Third person Singular
bušaste	Second person Plural
prisjećahu	Third person Plural
opasuju	Third person Plural
izuzmemo	First person Plural
pobuđujete	Second person Plural
pouzdano	None
predbacuju	Third person Plural
primorava	Third person Singular
vrludaju	Third person Plural
smještaju	Third person Plural
simboliziralo	None
djècē	None
izvodile	None
obuzeh	First person Singular
nadopuniše	Third person Plural
hodnikom	None
poteže	Third person Singular
jamče	Third person Plural
zloupotrijebiste	Second person Plural
strizijaste	Second person Plural
tone	Third person Singular
trokutom	None
pripravlja	Third person Singular
katove	None
sanjkaj	Second person Singular
kucajte	Second person Plural
skinula	None
svukli	None
izazovi	Second person Singular
bijeljahu	Third person Plural
sušim	First person Singular
sočivo	None
nasrću	Third person Plural
provaljujem	First person Singular
naiđite	Second person Plural
odvije	Third person Singular
srednjoamerička	None
susreću	Third person Plural
potkopaju	Third person Plural
drškom	None
legaliziraju	Third person Plural
podstrizah	First person Singular
urezuju	Third person Plural
odrade	Third person Plural
krasuljci	None
перуански	None
devastacija	None
dime	Third person Plural
odzdravljaju	Third person Plural
artikulirate	Second person Plural
skinite	Second person Plural
negativniji	None
propadahu	Third person Plural
ukopavaju	Third person Plural
upriličuješ	Second person Singular
svezao	None
nastavlja	Third person Singular
ubace	Third person Plural
nezaštićen	None
nabavljajmo	First person Plural
ojačava	Third person Singular
iznimnu	None
lijenjah	First person Singular
ugovara	Third person Singular
omame	Third person Plural
posedujemo	First person Plural
analogni	None
sastoji	Third person Singular
lančanom	None
odlaziš	Second person Singular
prebacivao	None
spašava	Third person Singular
odolijevajmo	First person Plural
ađustirahu	Third person Plural
luftirajmo	First person Plural
brojčano	None
neosiguran	None
nanišaniš	Second person Singular
svrstate	Second person Plural
interno	None
historiji	None
cepljah	First person Singular
trebamo	First person Plural
seje	Third person Singular
porumenesmo	First person Plural
ogovaraju	Third person Plural
zloupotrijebih	First person Singular
automobilskih	None
medvedi	None
oholim	First person Singular
rvajte	Second person Plural
filantropskim	None
pojedene	None
obavezana	None
kovačnica	None
ljestvici	None
otklanjahu	Third person Plural
pobiju	Third person Plural
usavršava	Third person Singular
utoljivana	None
gravitacijskih	None
odijeva	Third person Singular
pokidah	First person Singular
predstavljamo	First person Plural
predsednika	None
odrastaju	Third person Plural
poslom	None
varaju	Third person Plural
zlostavljaju	Third person Plural
rastužuje	Third person Singular
sazovu	Third person Plural
posećivaste	Second person Plural
zateknu	Third person Plural
kucaju	Third person Plural
ironiji	None
smiruje	Third person Singular
ublaže	Third person Plural
održava	Third person Singular
guram	First person Singular
kradem	First person Singular
prilagođavaju	Third person Plural
besposliče	Third person Plural
demokratskome	None
pričvrste	Third person Plural
kompliciraju	Third person Plural
odaberemo	First person Plural
pribrajaju	Third person Plural
preferirao	None
sluškinji	None
dezertirali	None
raspršivahu	Third person Plural
onanirahu	Third person Plural
poprimamo	First person Plural
obogaćuju	Third person Plural
isključe	Third person Plural
truda	None
oglasima	None
prevodim	First person Singular
ublažava	Third person Singular
pokradoste	Second person Plural
opredeljuj	Second person Singular
uvozili	None
operu	Third person Plural
skresah	First person Singular
tetoviraju	Third person Plural
odobreni	None
zapuštena	None
navikne	Third person Singular
odoše	Third person Plural
prusku	None
zahvatiste	Second person Plural
kasne	Third person Plural
radim	First person Singular
mirišu	Third person Plural
protjeruju	Third person Plural
pobjegoše	Third person Plural
gutaj	Second person Singular
opasuje	Third person Singular
nazaduje	Third person Singular
nepremostive	None
ekstremnija	None
dotrčim	First person Singular
preokrenite	Second person Plural
prah	First person Singular
ulaže	Third person Singular
trijezne	Third person Plural
zamišlja	Third person Singular
sažaljevahu	Third person Plural
ispričavasmo	First person Plural
ždrijeba	Third person Singular
kreirate	Second person Plural
poduzima	Third person Singular
razlažete	Second person Plural
odjurih	First person Singular
pacifizmom	None
suočavaju	Third person Plural
smilujmo	First person Plural
rasprše	Third person Plural
žongliraš	Second person Singular
cede	Third person Plural
arhaiziram	First person Singular
približavajmo	First person Plural
nestaje	Third person Singular
šetah	First person Singular
putuj	Second person Singular
rascijepate	Second person Plural
ulože	Third person Plural
skupe	Third person Plural
ručaju	Third person Plural
oprema	Third person Singular
železnički	None
stenje	Third person Singular
poslužuju	Third person Plural
besprekornim	None
zamjenom	None
slojevitijom	None
sukobljava	Third person Singular
krampate	Second person Plural
potpisujem	First person Singular
obrišu	Third person Plural
bradavica	None
razbijate	Second person Plural
zauzme	Third person Singular
napuštalo	None
odnarođujem	First person Singular
suzni	None
presijecam	First person Singular
zasjenjuju	Third person Plural
skretah	First person Singular
kašljem	First person Singular
proveravajte	Second person Plural
objedinjavahu	Third person Plural
povije	Third person Singular
tratiš	Second person Singular
kaj	Second person Singular
raseljavaju	Third person Plural
shizofrenija	None
abecedariju	None
svladavaju	Third person Plural
presrećemo	First person Plural
udomljivasmo	First person Plural
potapaju	Third person Plural
kupnje	None
poslaše	Third person Plural
korača	Third person Singular
salome	Third person Plural
pidžama	None
prodate	Second person Plural
zamjera	Third person Singular
inspektori	None
diraj	Second person Singular
ukrštavaj	Second person Singular
izaberi	Second person Singular
spoznate	Second person Plural
priopćava	Third person Singular
smatra	Third person Singular
dospeva	Third person Singular
najzavodljivijemu	None
antisemitizam	None
spominje	Third person Singular
sakate	Third person Plural
glume	Third person Plural
grije	Third person Singular
predznaci	None
jenjamo	First person Plural
poduzmu	Third person Plural
dušmani	None
uobražavaste	Second person Plural
izbijaju	Third person Plural
usporavaju	Third person Plural
skȓbnīče	None
izmamljujemo	First person Plural
prisjetih	First person Singular
dopušta	Third person Singular
osvežava	Third person Singular
severnoafričke	None
potkopavalo	None
vrzmajmo	First person Plural
napomenuste	Second person Plural
transmisije	None
zaredih	First person Singular
penis	None
otvarahu	Third person Plural
dotiskala	None
sljubim	First person Singular
sijede	Third person Plural
golica	Third person Singular
boraste	Second person Plural
spratove	None
incestuozni	None
tenkove	None
obilježena	None
nepravdu	None
gravitiraju	Third person Plural
drvaru	None
zloupotrebe	Third person Plural
izrekne	Third person Singular
izmičeš	Second person Singular
doprinosilo	None
snižavajmo	First person Plural
zamjenjujemo	First person Plural
prepisuju	Third person Plural
topova	None
kralježnicu	None
benzéna	None
odobravahu	Third person Plural
padavicama	None
uzmaknuste	Second person Plural
informatičari	None
prodajem	First person Singular
skrpiše	Third person Plural
totalna	None
iziskujete	Second person Plural
osjećamo	First person Plural
izgrađuje	Third person Singular
osramote	Third person Plural
pokoravaju	Third person Plural
najpozornije	None
obavještavam	First person Singular
gurani	None
ljepotice	None
pravim	First person Singular
sviđa	Third person Singular
mine	Third person Singular
kugu	None
napušta	Third person Singular
djelotvornija	None
naježih	First person Singular
pokloniste	Second person Plural
odvaja	Third person Singular
bockah	First person Singular
prazne	Third person Plural
genijalnost	None
obuzdava	Third person Singular
istjeruje	Third person Singular
poginula	None
bombardere	None
presvlače	Third person Plural
pośetismo	First person Plural
umiva	Third person Singular
oplođuju	Third person Plural
uzmu	Third person Plural
slože	Third person Plural
odmažimo	First person Plural
strancem	None
seva	Third person Singular
lutalicu	None
iskorištavaju	Third person Plural
ističe	Third person Singular
zapoveda	Third person Singular
uzdahnuh	First person Singular
valove	None
imitiraju	Third person Plural
dubete	Second person Plural
zalede	Third person Plural
pretrpeste	Second person Plural
presađuju	Third person Plural
pročitaj	Second person Singular
dojavljujemo	First person Plural
poručim	First person Singular
avanturistima	None
izvještava	Third person Singular
ostani	Second person Singular
rebusa	None
trgovinsko	None
zaplivam	First person Singular
dendrokronologiji	None
režim	First person Singular
sastavljaju	Third person Plural
zbivaju	Third person Plural
napučiše	Third person Plural
obogaćuje	Third person Singular
posete	Third person Plural
dele	Third person Plural
gorke	None
mazaste	Second person Plural
opsuje	Third person Singular
menjate	Second person Plural
nadijeva	Third person Singular
položiš	Second person Singular
posjećujem	First person Singular
isplaćuje	Third person Singular
paljbu	None
jenjavamo	First person Plural
veruj	Second person Singular
pokrste	Third person Plural
očajnijemu	None
opovrgavaju	Third person Plural
driblajmo	First person Plural
jednobojnim	None
najneiskusnija	None
skladaj	Second person Singular
rječito	None
šiju	Third person Plural
dogovorom	None
sećaš	Second person Singular
probadate	Second person Plural
povlačasmo	First person Plural
onesposobljava	Third person Singular
pripovijedahu	Third person Plural
ogriju	Third person Plural
angažiraju	Third person Plural
obmanjuje	Third person Singular
obilaze	Third person Plural
svetkuje	Third person Singular
pozdravljamo	First person Plural
metah	First person Singular
izdvoje	Third person Plural
bombardiraju	Third person Plural
izgovore	Third person Plural
uvija	Third person Singular
tiranima	None
najtemeljitijim	None
kradi	Second person Singular
pružiše	Third person Plural
šivasmo	First person Plural
bacih	First person Singular
okončaš	Second person Singular
nagrđujete	Second person Plural
posebne	None
suzdrže	Third person Plural
podrignimo	First person Plural
posvećuje	Third person Singular
slikaju	Third person Plural
ljuštim	First person Singular
zakopaju	Third person Plural
posjetiste	Second person Plural
povjerismo	First person Plural
ružo	None
propušta	Third person Singular
svodio	None
jeftinih	None
srednjoškolcima	None
prolaze	Third person Plural
sumornu	None
kaju	Third person Plural
pokvarim	First person Singular
технички	None
zao	None
kurirom	None
uzbuđen	None
razderete	Second person Plural
škode	Third person Plural
skakavca	None
avarske	None
smenjuju	Third person Plural
podsjetim	First person Singular
utemelje	Third person Plural
prevrće	Third person Singular
svrstavamo	First person Plural
дравски	None
komuniciramo	First person Plural
primoraju	Third person Plural
proveriše	Third person Plural
sjećaju	Third person Plural
pohvaljivalo	None
zaostajemo	First person Plural
odmičite	Second person Plural
polažahu	Third person Plural
sjajna	None
ciljajmo	First person Plural
napreduju	Third person Plural
natkriljuje	Third person Singular
kurdsko	None
prevališe	Third person Plural
amoralni	None
sudjeluju	Third person Plural
horizontu	None
kotrljahu	Third person Plural
izbismo	First person Plural
preporučuju	Third person Plural
potvrđivasmo	First person Plural
predu	Third person Plural
navaljujte	Second person Plural
prekida	Third person Singular
tretiraju	Third person Plural
najavih	First person Singular
sanjkamo	First person Plural
realiziraju	Third person Plural
pričvršćujete	Second person Plural
ciklon	None
sastaju	Third person Plural
pogledaj	Second person Singular
ubogijih	None
beru	Third person Plural
terah	First person Singular
odjeknimo	First person Plural
rakunu	None
zabržite	Second person Plural
onemogućivah	First person Singular
savršenima	None
skitahu	Third person Plural
odolijeva	Third person Singular
razvodnim	First person Singular
shvaćena	None
jurišajte	Second person Plural
pramcem	None
uračunajte	Second person Plural
snižava	Third person Singular
osakaćivah	First person Singular
oplemenjuje	Third person Singular
visovima	None
rastajem	First person Singular
satiraste	Second person Plural
protječu	Third person Plural
utvarajte	Second person Plural
barbar	None
dosele	Third person Plural
oblikujemo	First person Plural
surađivah	First person Singular
nesavladivome	None
zadavljujte	Second person Plural
razglašujemo	First person Plural
odzdraviše	Third person Plural
nagnimo	First person Plural
stiču	Third person Plural
strateški	None
pomilovaste	Second person Plural
aktiviraju	Third person Plural
ispadaš	Second person Singular
balzamiraju	Third person Plural
kroničnih	None
trenira	Third person Singular
upija	Third person Singular
pjeva	Third person Singular
izmjeničnomu	None
smanjuju	Third person Plural
internacionalizam	None
kotiraju	Third person Plural
nikne	Third person Singular
česmom	None
obogate	Third person Plural
brojnijim	None
osjećate	Second person Plural
priman	None
posustaju	Third person Plural
odljute	Third person Plural
aplaudiram	First person Singular
inje	None
diskriminiraju	Third person Plural
krovove	None
primjećuje	Third person Singular
inačice	None
prožmimo	First person Plural
teraš	Second person Singular
sustižu	Third person Plural
mišljahu	Third person Plural
bambus	None
ismijete	Second person Plural
sjetih	First person Singular
shvaćamo	First person Plural
impresivni	None
predlaže	Third person Singular
poslušajte	Second person Plural
razabiru	Third person Plural
mongolski	None
javlja	Third person Singular
zagasismo	First person Plural
kikoćem	First person Singular
kalkulira	Third person Singular
omekšavaju	Third person Plural
isušuju	Third person Plural
najzanimljivijim	None
probije	Third person Singular
upravljaju	Third person Plural
izdacima	None
hvatahu	Third person Plural
konjici	None
iskustveno	None
munji	None
prijave	Third person Plural
razvaline	None
poduzimaju	Third person Plural
kape	None
nemaju	Third person Plural
naiđu	Third person Plural
rješava	Third person Singular
kravatom	None
pljačkaju	Third person Plural
razvijan	None
pređu	Third person Plural
nameravaš	Second person Singular
preploviš	Second person Singular
uvredismo	First person Plural
zatvarasmo	First person Plural
bijesne	None
titlova	None
ravnaju	Third person Plural
daljnjom	None
profitabilno	None
retardirani	None
razdijele	Third person Plural
jednobojna	None
spiskove	None
bari	None
vetrovi	None
apele	None
uzimaj	Second person Singular
salamu	None
pragmatizmu	None
pridržavaju	Third person Plural
opišemo	First person Plural
skupih	First person Singular
samuje	Third person Singular
izluče	Third person Plural
pošalje	Third person Singular
negirala	None
poreknu	Third person Plural
pritiskuj	Second person Singular
izrastete	Second person Plural
buja	Third person Singular
dostavljaju	Third person Plural
slijede	Third person Plural
iskopasmo	First person Plural
izračunaj	Second person Singular
šapći	Second person Singular
oponirajmo	First person Plural
zaključivah	First person Singular
obaveštava	Third person Singular
saginjasmo	First person Plural
razmetaste	Second person Plural
njeguje	Third person Singular
miješaju	Third person Plural
kritiziraju	Third person Plural
raznošaste	Second person Plural
obožava	Third person Singular
raspe	Third person Singular
levih	None
provode	Third person Plural
kostriješasmo	First person Plural
primiču	Third person Plural
sintetske	None
cele	Third person Plural
veća	Third person Singular
naricasmo	First person Plural
organizirala	None
opstrukcijom	None
uđu	Third person Plural
lomio	None
zavučete	Second person Plural
plafona	None
povređuju	Third person Plural
fluorid	None
nabrajaju	Third person Plural
spiskavahu	Third person Plural
koristiš	Second person Singular
skuhamo	First person Plural
vjerujemo	First person Plural
prčeve	None
naiđoste	Second person Plural
dodjeljujete	Second person Plural
zastupnicom	None
ismejava	Third person Singular
prijatnijom	None
negoduju	Third person Plural
žene	Third person Plural
klorofil	None
ostavljamo	First person Plural
rasplamsavasmo	First person Plural
osedlavaj	Second person Singular
izjednačile	None
temelje	Third person Plural
proglašava	Third person Singular
uveravaju	Third person Plural
šije	Third person Singular
poništavaju	Third person Plural
obrub	None
krezavoj	None
najštedljivijemu	None
izračunavamo	First person Plural
najgnjevnijim	None
kližu	Third person Plural
normiraju	Third person Plural
začinjahu	Third person Plural
najbrzopletijom	None
cvjeta	Third person Singular
smutnjom	None
koncentričnih	None
cijeđah	First person Singular
zavarava	Third person Singular
vredne	None
poremećivao	None
ljuljahu	Third person Plural
sastanka	None
spiskah	First person Singular
plaćaju	Third person Plural
košarkaška	None
nastaju	Third person Plural
ogreju	Third person Plural
zrije	Third person Singular
mrve	Third person Plural
pozdravljah	First person Singular
pripovedaju	Third person Plural
британски	None
antonim	None
trgaju	Third person Plural
propada	Third person Singular
nabujaš	Second person Singular
odričem	First person Singular
zaređuju	Third person Plural
grej	Second person Singular
ratuje	Third person Singular
skrećem	First person Singular
zaračunavaj	Second person Singular
izleta	None
morskoj	None
rastope	Third person Plural
treninga	None
oporave	Third person Plural
postižemo	First person Plural
progutaju	Third person Plural
najjeftiniji	None
doprinosim	First person Singular
oponašaju	Third person Plural
predjelom	None
tumačene	None
doručkuje	Third person Singular
darovit	None
bezobzirnim	None
obučavajte	Second person Plural
poplavim	First person Singular
suzbijajmo	First person Plural
solar	None
zagrebačkoga	None
severnih	None
neguje	Third person Singular
kalkulatorima	None
probiru	Third person Plural
ispostaviš	Second person Singular
brojeva	None
okolnošću	None
neizvesnost	None
zloupotrebljavaju	Third person Plural
razlažemo	First person Plural
otuđujte	Second person Plural
tjesnacu	None
namenjivasmo	First person Plural
tragaju	Third person Plural
nasmejavaste	Second person Plural
buro	None
namenjivahu	Third person Plural
elegantni	None
zadužuju	Third person Plural
doznaje	Third person Singular
zamrzava	Third person Singular
Suncu	None
late	Third person Plural
dignimo	First person Plural
zanimaju	Third person Plural
odstrane	Third person Plural
bolesnijega	None
devojkama	None
žbuku	None
usavršismo	First person Plural
primećuju	Third person Plural
stadom	None
pozdravljam	First person Singular
propišeš	Second person Singular
krnje	Third person Plural
digne	Third person Singular
spektaklom	None
dikciju	None
pogine	Third person Singular
ubodemo	First person Plural
odvratnoj	None
narcizma	None
gase	Third person Plural
pristaje	Third person Singular
obuhvaćajte	Second person Plural
gumeni	None
mètimo	First person Plural
pjevaj	Second person Singular
izražajne	None
prekrivaste	Second person Plural
povucite	Second person Plural
košaraštvu	None
opstoj	Second person Singular
napišite	Second person Plural
jajeta	None
zapovjedim	First person Singular
prisilih	First person Singular
radikalnijemu	None
prekrije	Third person Singular
detaljno	None
napominjemo	First person Plural
smatramo	First person Plural
uvježbavah	First person Singular
upisuju	Third person Plural
odljutiste	Second person Plural
proizvode	Third person Plural
nagrnuše	Third person Plural
skijaj	Second person Singular
podržavamo	First person Plural
ostavljate	Second person Plural
sodomizirate	Second person Plural
isplate	Third person Plural
povuku	Third person Plural
naslovu	None
dremneš	Second person Singular
pjevaju	Third person Plural
kvisling	None
pregrijem	First person Singular
začinjena	None
zgrnimo	First person Plural
poboljšavasmo	First person Plural
zamjeraju	Third person Plural
otkopaste	Second person Plural
pribodemo	First person Plural
snizuju	Third person Plural
usmjere	Third person Plural
namijeniše	Third person Plural
centru	None
progrizimo	First person Plural
odlazila	None
uspostavljah	First person Singular
presijecaj	Second person Singular
pripovijedaj	Second person Singular
počne	Third person Singular
kilometra	None
tornjeva	None
naoružava	Third person Singular
očeličim	First person Singular
austrijskom	None
cvate	Third person Singular
nastupa	Third person Singular
odlika	None
dajemo	First person Plural
promenjujete	Second person Plural
prelijetah	First person Singular
cijenim	First person Singular
metijahu	Third person Plural
određuje	Third person Singular
useljava	Third person Singular
predvode	Third person Plural
razbije	Third person Singular
odreknu	Third person Plural
uručuje	Third person Singular
nadograđuje	Third person Singular
molim	First person Singular
industrijskih	None
navikava	Third person Singular
kuhaju	Third person Plural
aktiviziram	First person Singular
osvećuje	Third person Singular
strahuju	Third person Plural
ukrašavajmo	First person Plural
filozofu	None
atraktivne	None
raspolaže	Third person Singular
tanca	Third person Singular
najbogohulniji	None
popisuj	Second person Singular
riga	Third person Singular
zakopajte	Second person Plural
barataju	Third person Plural
zamišljamo	First person Plural
podrže	Third person Plural
procijenim	First person Singular
odudaraju	Third person Plural
izravnasmo	First person Plural
bubne	Third person Singular
tjerate	Second person Plural
drobe	Third person Plural
proćeretate	Second person Plural
uvode	Third person Plural
protivim	First person Singular
uočavasmo	First person Plural
raspušta	Third person Singular
izbalansiraste	Second person Plural
doplove	Third person Plural
dozivljite	Second person Plural
povređivasmo	First person Plural
ljubitelje	None
uvije	Third person Singular
razumiješ	Second person Singular
pruža	Third person Singular
detonacijom	None
čistim	First person Singular
smočismo	First person Plural
nagrđujem	First person Singular
brkaju	Third person Plural
uzburkaj	Second person Singular
nepremostiva	None
neumjesna	None
pridružuju	Third person Plural
izbacujete	Second person Plural
doprinose	Third person Plural
kolebaste	Second person Plural
obaspi	Second person Singular
opredeljuju	Third person Plural
kukovima	None
àlgēbra	None
priprema	Third person Singular
sjete	Third person Plural
uobrazismo	First person Plural
otvaraju	Third person Plural
populacijskoj	None
biramo	First person Plural
prisjećajte	Second person Plural
uplovljava	Third person Singular
povraćaj	Second person Singular
isecaš	Second person Singular
propovijedaju	Third person Plural
promjenjujete	Second person Plural
razlučiš	Second person Singular
zgražava	Third person Singular
cvatu	Third person Plural
drmah	First person Singular
muze	Third person Singular
dramatičnim	None
kasa	Third person Singular
kurvi	None
potkivah	First person Singular
juriša	Third person Singular
rascepljujemo	First person Plural
savršenome	None
preseliste	Second person Plural
pribavljah	First person Singular
sveži	Second person Singular
uzvikne	Third person Singular
odmažu	Third person Plural
sastave	Third person Plural
srednjoškolce	None
čađe	Third person Plural
razdvaja	Third person Singular
zableštim	First person Singular
uživate	Second person Plural
najhitnijemu	None
obaviješteni	None
zapale	Third person Plural
predujam	None
proverava	Third person Singular
spomenimo	First person Plural
zarađuju	Third person Plural
tratim	First person Singular
zapisujem	First person Singular
napišem	First person Singular
goje	Third person Plural
spoznali	None
poplave	Third person Plural
svršenom	None
oko	None
smanjujemo	First person Plural
sjedinjavahu	Third person Plural
ispuštajte	Second person Plural
dojmove	None
dođemo	First person Plural
besavesnu	None
pljačkah	First person Singular
odsecaju	Third person Plural
otjeraju	Third person Plural
pomiluj	Second person Singular
ekskomunikaciji	None
preprah	First person Singular
podmazuje	Third person Singular
potaknu	Third person Plural
ukrcaj	Second person Singular
gasne	Third person Singular
škrtim	None
šeću	Third person Plural
električnom	None
dolikujte	Second person Plural
završavaju	Third person Plural
posećuju	Third person Plural
uzleću	Third person Plural
lišiste	Second person Plural
plasiraju	Third person Plural
iskrcavate	Second person Plural
zagradiše	Third person Plural
odriče	Third person Singular
dodirnimo	First person Plural
sproveli	None
ispostavljamo	First person Plural
nadajmo	First person Plural
riješiš	Second person Singular
lista	Third person Singular
žanju	Third person Plural
nepomičnim	None
granjavam	First person Singular
zahvaljuju	Third person Plural
odjavljujte	Second person Plural
oslobađa	Third person Singular
prezalogajivaste	Second person Plural
roditelj	None
štih	None
laju	Third person Plural
organiziraju	Third person Plural
polijetasmo	First person Plural
prebace	Third person Plural
razvije	Third person Singular
suštine	None
preplatilo	None
naslućuje	Third person Singular
pij	Second person Singular
polaže	Third person Singular
okrenuh	First person Singular
četvoricu	None
pobjegne	Third person Singular
boriš	Second person Singular
dodijele	Third person Plural
sirijskim	None
betonsko	None
prebije	Third person Singular
mirisah	First person Singular
okruživahu	Third person Plural
biologije	None
prestupismo	First person Plural
rasecajmo	First person Plural
provale	Third person Plural
doktorsku	None
isteravate	Second person Plural
razdvajale	None
uvoze	Third person Plural
presek	None
pokradu	Third person Plural
nastupamo	First person Plural
krhkiji	None
miluju	Third person Plural
nazivaju	Third person Plural
odmotavaju	Third person Plural
rigorozni	None
bilijun	None
pričvršćuje	Third person Singular
župa	None
uživam	First person Singular
snivaj	Second person Singular
dižu	Third person Plural
dodeljuju	Third person Plural
orem	First person Singular
posluje	Third person Singular
blazinjama	None
probuđujete	Second person Plural
skraćuje	Third person Singular
obližete	Second person Plural
povrediš	Second person Singular
hapse	Third person Plural
smrskavani	None
neiskusnom	None
pogledaju	Third person Plural
ambijentalna	None
pribodete	Second person Plural
rastvaramo	First person Plural
citoplazmo	None
sanjam	First person Singular
zobah	First person Singular
najneznatnije	None
izbije	Third person Singular
spopadahu	Third person Plural
potpisuju	Third person Plural
uzmiče	Third person Singular
nagovaraju	Third person Plural
prsne	Third person Singular
osporismo	First person Plural
izjašnjavaju	Third person Plural
postanu	Third person Plural
nepremostivih	None
jeka	None
pomuzemo	First person Plural
vrednome	None
ostavljaju	Third person Plural
zataškavasmo	First person Plural
spikerom	None
zatomljujem	First person Singular
prigrizeš	Second person Singular
blenemo	First person Plural
separiram	First person Singular
maše	Third person Singular
šišaš	Second person Singular
petak	None
pomilovani	None
izabere	Third person Singular
napominju	Third person Plural
projektima	None
pročitavajte	Second person Plural
guraju	Third person Plural
razbolijeva	Third person Singular
sokolilo	None
tražiš	Second person Singular
gutaju	Third person Plural
izvucimo	First person Plural
batinaj	Second person Singular
rastajemo	First person Plural
vitrajima	None
zamrznemo	First person Plural
štrajkahu	Third person Plural
morfizmi	None
grejem	First person Singular
istroše	Third person Plural
surađuje	Third person Singular
odmicahu	Third person Plural
radiš	Second person Singular
pomakni	Second person Singular
kocka	Third person Singular
komunicirate	Second person Plural
sezonski	None
osmicu	None
taktičke	None
secijaste	Second person Plural
jeftinijom	None
dade	Second person Singular
dajete	Second person Plural
potrebuješ	Second person Singular
dočekuje	Third person Singular
shvaća	Third person Singular
najliberalniju	None
ugrizem	First person Singular
udaraju	Third person Plural
dozivahu	Third person Plural
ustupaju	Third person Plural
delim	First person Singular
nakupe	Third person Plural
ćeretahu	Third person Plural
navode	Third person Plural
mamurnijega	None
ubrzavaju	Third person Plural
uviđaj	Second person Singular
šatiraš	Second person Singular
čude	Third person Plural
grle	Third person Plural
uvrebasmo	First person Plural
čitaju	Third person Plural
sputavaju	Third person Plural
obriše	Third person Singular
pobjedu	None
ubrzava	Third person Singular
informiraju	Third person Plural
razbudiše	Third person Plural
prekipješe	Third person Plural
smještajni	None
beknuh	First person Singular
najučinkovitijih	None
bedo	None
zagase	Third person Plural
razumemo	First person Plural
pokažimo	First person Plural
prognam	First person Singular
pobjegla	None
visokoj	None
preseci	Second person Singular
atomizirate	Second person Plural
ucene	Third person Plural
leksikografiji	None
utaje	Third person Plural
sprečava	Third person Singular
lipšimo	First person Plural
desetara	None
beleške	None
balansiraju	Third person Plural
očajne	None
formuliraju	Third person Plural
siječe	Third person Singular
otvorim	First person Singular
globalnoj	None
ambrozija	None
dramaturgiju	None
prestonicu	None
djelujmo	First person Plural
odaberu	Third person Plural
cimnuše	Third person Plural
dokazuju	Third person Plural
udružuju	Third person Plural
divlje	None
poruše	Third person Plural
zastrašuju	Third person Plural
sukobe	Third person Plural
povežu	Third person Plural
prebija	Third person Singular
pobijeliste	Second person Plural
rudare	Third person Plural
rasporede	Third person Plural
žestoku	None
rasklapam	First person Singular
iskorijene	Third person Plural
nižu	Third person Plural
bruse	Third person Plural
pripisujemo	First person Plural
rešim	First person Singular
milosrdnih	None
teatralan	None
ijekavskim	None
ara	None
poboljšaju	Third person Plural
tablica	None
maze	Third person Plural
prevladavaju	Third person Plural
sleđujte	Second person Plural
prozivam	First person Singular
najbezosjećajniju	None
posoliš	Second person Singular
zaglavismo	First person Plural
povjeravaju	Third person Plural
kliknite	Second person Plural
iznesen	None
pulsiraju	Third person Plural
skraćujte	Second person Plural
delajmo	First person Plural
podrazumevaju	Third person Plural
izostavljamo	First person Plural
pokazivalo	None
admiralom	None
svetlucah	First person Singular
opraštam	First person Singular
šunjaj	Second person Singular
srijedi	None
pokorava	Third person Singular
primjećujem	First person Singular
probušiše	Third person Plural
besposleni	None
pokreni	Second person Singular
iznenađujem	First person Singular
onesposobila	None
tulumarij	Second person Singular
gulim	First person Singular
zatruj	Second person Singular
oponaša	Third person Singular
ljubim	First person Singular
primoramo	First person Plural
prikloniš	Second person Singular
upotrebljava	Third person Singular
dospeju	Third person Plural
sagrade	Third person Plural
cijepaju	Third person Plural
jača	Third person Singular
kulminacija	None
verglaj	Second person Singular
kidaj	Second person Singular
odanije	None
mrazove	None
trača	Third person Singular
ispostave	Third person Plural
opsedane	None
oteraju	Third person Plural
zapušilo	None
sjećaš	Second person Singular
srednjoj	None
ishodima	None
ustupa	Third person Singular
bojaznima	None
ubiše	Third person Plural
zračahu	Third person Plural
kokoši	None
kotizaciji	None
osnivasmo	First person Plural
saplećimo	First person Plural
oduzima	Third person Singular
nailazile	None
nekrozom	None
protječemo	First person Plural
prepoznavao	None
njeguju	Third person Plural
nemaš	Second person Singular
zadovoljavaju	Third person Plural
kolje	Third person Singular
izrežemo	First person Plural
kuka	Third person Singular
коректни	None
okupe	Third person Plural
granemo	First person Plural
mongolsku	None
proteku	Third person Plural
kapirajte	Second person Plural
pronalaze	Third person Plural
zavise	Third person Plural
objašnjava	Third person Singular
panoramu	None
ogrejavaj	Second person Singular
preštampavamo	First person Plural
krivim	First person Singular
operete	Second person Plural
ubrizgavaj	Second person Singular
doplivajmo	First person Plural
ambiciju	None
sputava	Third person Singular
dočaravaju	Third person Plural
uzjahala	None
opeku	Third person Plural
najsuhoparniju	None
iznenadismo	First person Plural
prodajete	Second person Plural
rastvara	Third person Singular
oterah	First person Singular
podnose	Third person Plural
rodoljubi	None
usavršuješ	Second person Singular
začudiste	Second person Plural
bugarih	First person Singular
radijalne	None
mestánce	None
najsretnija	None
veslare	None
uočavamo	First person Plural
ojačaju	Third person Plural
delujemo	First person Plural
opekoste	Second person Plural
izriču	Third person Plural
manastirsku	None
razrađuju	Third person Plural
aneksiona	None
odseku	Third person Plural
zanemaruje	Third person Singular
probija	Third person Singular
skiće	Third person Singular
prima	Third person Singular
udružuje	Third person Singular
zasade	Third person Plural
segnimo	First person Plural
obučena	None
poveruje	Third person Singular
čitamo	First person Plural
razgovaraju	Third person Plural
tovljaste	Second person Plural
pribave	Third person Plural
znameniti	None
lučnu	None
odbija	Third person Singular
preoram	First person Singular
proletera	None
žvaču	Third person Plural
komarci	None
pljačkam	First person Singular
rasplamsava	Third person Singular
potrajasmo	First person Plural
objedine	Third person Plural
најклискији	None
izjašnjava	Third person Singular
albanizacije	None
prepoznate	Second person Plural
razjedinih	First person Singular
konstitutivne	None
opaze	Third person Plural
skrštavate	Second person Plural
smjeste	Third person Plural
pokazuje	Third person Singular
uvriježiš	Second person Singular
vrijeđa	Third person Singular
zagrle	Third person Plural
levaj	Second person Singular
parnih	None
burmanskom	None
darivate	Second person Plural
oklijevaju	Third person Plural
dodamo	First person Plural
uzburkavaju	Third person Plural
blagosilja	Third person Singular
kamenujem	First person Singular
odvijah	First person Singular
hadž	None
rimokatolički	None
sabijem	First person Singular
zamrziš	Second person Singular
šiljkom	None
razdražiste	Second person Plural
malijsku	None
poduzimah	First person Singular
ukrutiš	Second person Singular
vjenčaju	Third person Plural
nagađa	Third person Singular
elektromagnetnim	None
ponavljao	None
pojačavaju	Third person Plural
sustigne	Third person Singular
starosediocima	None
nesebičnoga	None
jalovim	None
sagledava	Third person Singular
ščepajmo	First person Plural
izdanja	None
cvokoćete	Second person Plural
proveravaju	Third person Plural
nesuđene	None
vrtom	None
razdeljeno	None
raduj	Second person Singular
naslućuju	Third person Plural
erotičnijemu	None
razuvjerava	Third person Singular
objave	Third person Plural
razdeljujem	First person Singular
pribadam	First person Singular
smičeš	Second person Singular
ocenjuje	Third person Singular
mnij	Second person Singular
privržene	None
izbegavajte	Second person Plural
vrijeđaš	Second person Singular
svraća	Third person Singular
tačan	None
razmnožih	First person Singular
miluješ	Second person Singular
šansu	None
srebrnom	None
istražujemo	First person Plural
izražajnu	None
dajem	First person Singular
propuste	Third person Plural
sažimamo	First person Plural
istovariše	Third person Plural
unište	Third person Plural
svršava	Third person Singular
odvijaju	Third person Plural
sklone	Third person Plural
delaj	Second person Singular
ispustila	None
lede	Third person Plural
pokrenemo	First person Plural
dolaze	Third person Plural
odstupa	Third person Singular
zagrijavamo	First person Plural
rvamo	First person Plural
veza	None
vrednuju	Third person Plural
ukopaju	Third person Plural
suzdržava	Third person Singular
zbrajaju	Third person Plural
apsorbiraju	Third person Plural
procjenjuje	Third person Singular
ribom	None
ponavljaju	Third person Plural
viših	None
zatajivasmo	First person Plural
marsovske	None
otpisasmo	First person Plural
cvjetnom	None
fotografijom	None
napominjali	None
gnev	None
mongolsko	None
navikneš	Second person Singular
odrežu	Third person Plural
ugleda	Third person Singular
oploviš	Second person Singular
nomadi	None
vežbe	None
kriminalizirahu	Third person Plural
zamjenjujte	Second person Plural
obustavlja	Third person Singular
čitam	First person Singular
razgovara	Third person Singular
kalup	None
ispunjavaju	Third person Plural
kockahu	Third person Plural
preračunava	Third person Singular
povrede	Third person Plural
anektiraju	Third person Plural
kazan	None
uzdržavahu	Third person Plural
poverava	Third person Singular
isporučuju	Third person Plural
