qusinkunawan	None
kuka	None
hut'uyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpanachunku	Third person Plural
amaqarachunchu	Third person Singular
ñawirirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amapukllaychu	Second person Singular
kullanqaku	Third person Plural
allpananqa	Third person Singular
utqayniykukunantin	None
chinkaylla	None
amahuñuychikchu	Second person Plural
ismusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tupun	Third person Singular
layqanchikta	None
ayqisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qichuy	Second person Singular
ch'uspankama	None
muyurqanki	Second person Singular
wachay	Second person Singular
pirwanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
inqhiykachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chutasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hinasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaapaykuychikchu	Second person Plural
chancharqanku	Third person Plural
qillisaq	First person Singular
amaatipachikuychu	Second person Singular
qhurunku	Third person Plural
rikch'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sisayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
supayninkuman	None
awqaq	None
qunqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tantanqaku	Third person Plural
chinkaychik	Second person Plural
qhurusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'uchuykichikpi	None
urmasqani	First person Singular
pukara	None
churasqanki	Second person Singular
rumirqani	First person Singular
apatatarqankichik	Second person Plural
hiq'ipachun	Third person Singular
allichay	Second person Singular
wanan	Third person Singular
chanqiyanqa	Third person Singular
amayalliychikchu	Second person Plural
huchaypaq	None
suyunqaku	Third person Plural
pukllarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapanqaku	Third person Plural
sirinku	Third person Plural
amasaruchunkuchu	Third person Plural
tiyamuchun	Third person Singular
wach'irqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apichaspa	None
anchayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pawarqanku	Third person Plural
rirpunnaq	None
allipunakurqani	First person Singular
husk'asqan	Third person Singular
amachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakapuychik	Second person Plural
michina	None
llamk'anaykurayku	None
paqariq	None
thantasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qayasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'irwarqanku	Third person Plural
atipanakurqanku	Third person Plural
yanayninkunannaq	None
siqsinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phutiykunnaq	None
chapukusqani	First person Singular
imakunata	None
qunusaq	First person Singular
pukarasqan	Third person Singular
ichiy	Second person Singular
q'iminkupi	None
ayparqani	First person Singular
t'impuchin	Third person Singular
llamk'asqan	Third person Singular
amaliyichunkuchu	Third person Plural
antikunapi	None
chahrakurqanki	Second person Singular
kachusqankichik	Second person Plural
ruk'uyasaq	First person Singular
amaphukuychikchu	Second person Plural
tarpuychik	Second person Plural
siqsin	Third person Singular
muyusqanku	Third person Plural
q'ipirqankichik	Second person Plural
ruranku	Third person Plural
phawayninkulla	None
paskaykupi	None
sapayrayku	None
llasanpi	None
ch'akisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakwasniykukunanka	None
amaallipanakuychu	Second person Singular
quyllurkunanka	None
ch'arkisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qhawanku	Third person Plural
saksasaq	First person Singular
wikch'usqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaamañachunchu	Third person Singular
amaallinyachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
qawaykichikkunahina	None
huch'uiyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachinkaykuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
rinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hephq'ayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kullasaq	First person Singular
akllusqanku	Third person Plural
llasaychik	Second person Plural
sansankukunantin	None
amak'umuchunchu	Third person Singular
aykhusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allpasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pituy	Second person Singular
yupiykihina	None
wiñanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apaysisqanki	Second person Singular
qullpachunku	Third person Plural
chakannachun	Third person Singular
huq'uchasqani	First person Singular
amamiraychikchu	Second person Plural
asllayachisqani	First person Singular
rikch'asqan	Third person Singular
ch'akichirqanku	Third person Plural
pampachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
takina	None
amawanuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
riqsisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
churiyaspa	None
upyasqanku	Third person Plural
ch'awanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachan	Third person Singular
llimphiq	None
phinkiyninkunapi	None
hik'irqanku	Third person Plural
amahayratachichunchu	Third person Singular
tupayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
akllarayku	None
inqhiykachay	Second person Singular
hayllisqankichik	Second person Plural
amaqallariychikchu	Second person Plural
akllayta	None
mink'ayniykikunakama	None
yañanchikkunamanta	None
ruturqan	Third person Singular
waqyarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
masinkunapaq	None
quq	None
intichawninchikninka	None
asipayasqan	Third person Singular
ñaqch'ay	Second person Singular
sansanka	None
sinq'ayniykipura	None
akllarqan	Third person Singular
puchqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phinkiyninchikmanta	None
huñisqani	First person Singular
p'unchawninkuman	None
kawsasqanku	Third person Plural
añikurqankichik	Second person Plural
sallaykichikninnaq	None
rimachirqan	Third person Singular
apichakusqan	Third person Singular
p'ampaykichikpura	None
mallkiyta	None
maqasqan	Third person Singular
wathiyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chaskisaq	First person Singular
anchachasqan	Third person Singular
aychanchikpa	None
hamut'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anschuykunakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allquchakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hayllini	First person Singular
amayañachunchu	Third person Singular
amach'uhtaychu	Second person Singular
mayllakuychik	Second person Plural
khachurqankichik	Second person Plural
alqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llulmisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amarak'ichunkuchu	Third person Plural
taripayniyninnaq	None
yanarqanki	Second person Singular
chinkarparichunku	Third person Plural
maqay	Second person Singular
puquykinka	None
pampa	None
chinkachin	Third person Singular
usankukunata	None
sayana	None
ruphachisqanki	Second person Singular
aspisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amasat'iychikchu	Second person Plural
qallarirqan	Third person Singular
chaskiykunku	Third person Plural
hik'inqaku	Third person Plural
ayqini	First person Singular
chayanpusaq	First person Singular
amachimpachunkuchu	Third person Plural
kulliyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kanisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaasut'iychikchu	Second person Plural
chiqachakusqanku	Third person Plural
ch'akichikuy	Second person Singular
ch'utirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
takarqani	First person Singular
waqyaychik	Second person Plural
arawasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiqnikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaawqanakuchunchu	Third person Singular
awqakuna	None
chikchinkunanka	None
paskasqanku	Third person Plural
aysayninchikkunaman	None
chakachikuychik	Second person Plural
hunp'ini	First person Singular
yanayniy	None
chanrararanqaku	Third person Plural
amaninaychikchu	Second person Plural
chayamuchunku	Third person Plural
anschurirqanki	Second person Singular
tanqani	First person Singular
yachachiq	None
llik'iychik	Second person Plural
p'apiykuwan	None
challpusqanku	Third person Plural
mitmayhina	None
samayninchikkunantin	None
chiqap	None
q'apiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wawa	None
thasnurqanku	Third person Plural
llulminqaku	Third person Plural
unichunku	Third person Plural
ruk'uyarqani	First person Singular
llikllanchikkama	None
ramparqani	First person Singular
ch'irwarqankichik	Second person Plural
aycharasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lluqsiy	Second person Singular
phaqsankunapaq	None
yachachun	Third person Singular
achachiykintin	None
suyrunkukunantin	None
lluqsirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qasachun	Third person Singular
ichhusaq	First person Singular
layqarqankichik	Second person Plural
saqisqankichik	Second person Plural
allipanakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wanusqani	First person Singular
mirayniykukunapaq	None
inkillniypura	None
ch'ipusqani	First person Singular
uniy	Second person Singular
huñichun	Third person Singular
sutisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
nirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tusuychik	Second person Plural
haytarakusqankichik	Second person Plural
karqanku	Third person Plural
sisasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rampasqanki	Second person Singular
qarapi	None
supisqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'irwaychik	Second person Plural
pisinku	Third person Plural
chirisqankichik	Second person Plural
amacharichunkuchu	Third person Plural
chapatiyanku	Third person Plural
wayrachinanchikkama	None
qurichini	First person Singular
aymurasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
intusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hephq'ani	First person Singular
qullqi	None
pañap	None
k'umuni	First person Singular
ruphachinku	Third person Plural
pani	None
ruraqkuna	None
kanchanku	Third person Plural
pachap	None
ikmayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachuhchuchunchu	Third person Singular
asnasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'aspanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tarpurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
nisqa	None
wichayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakamunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hak'ucharqani	First person Singular
haywakachasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asnasqan	Third person Singular
rururqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayllunakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hephq'anqaku	Third person Plural
huñuna	None
sayk'uyniykipi	None
manku	Third person Plural
chakachanqa	Third person Singular
llaqtankuna	None
amaamataychu	Second person Singular
ch'uhllay	Second person Singular
karqan	Third person Singular
rikuchichun	Third person Singular
ch'ipuchunku	Third person Plural
chapinnanqa	Third person Singular
saman	Third person Singular
yachakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
saphi	None
maskharqanku	Third person Plural
sarun	Third person Singular
takin	Third person Singular
chulluyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
muyusqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'uhtarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llamk'ananchikhina	None
musphaynkunka	None
usankukunantin	None
p'akirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tukuchini	First person Singular
sinq'aykikunalla	None
mayllachun	Third person Singular
amach'uyanaychu	Second person Singular
chalapi	None
rikuchin	Third person Singular
q'ipichunku	Third person Plural
rantiyniynintin	None
muyunku	Third person Plural
pukararqan	Third person Singular
asnarqani	First person Singular
ch'umarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urqukuna	None
qunqay	Second person Singular
watyanchiklla	None
wayranchikrayku	None
ayqichinqa	Third person Singular
amayanapachunkuchu	Third person Plural
tariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amarikuchiychikchu	Second person Plural
umanchikman	None
wathiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
riqsiyniykukunarayku	None
ayqichisaq	First person Singular
chancharqan	Third person Singular
ayqiyniywan	None
t'ustusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kayniykichikkunaman	None
willkachachun	Third person Singular
amachinpiychu	Second person Singular
suyurqankichik	Second person Plural
huñurqanku	Third person Plural
hawiynintin	None
ichhuna	None
qispiychik	Second person Plural
paqtanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
larasqankichik	Second person Plural
achalasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kawsasqan	Third person Singular
paqariyniykunamanta	None
allpaqanchikninka	None
churakuchunku	Third person Plural
wayrachunku	Third person Plural
anschuriyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chayanpusqan	Third person Singular
t'antasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupaychayniykihina	None
iñisqanku	Third person Plural
kuntiykikunap	None
rimanqa	Third person Singular
amañawiykachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
wach'irqanku	Third person Plural
amachanqaykuchunchu	Third person Singular
sunquykichikpa	None
yanaparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urqukunamanta	None
qallu	None
atipaykukunapi	None
manchasqan	Third person Singular
aylluchakuy	Second person Singular
khachuni	First person Singular
purina	None
kasqan	Third person Singular
karqanki	Second person Singular
wañuykikunanka	None
watusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hut'kuchun	Third person Singular
tikaykihina	None
mirayniykupa	None
muyuyninkunap	None
llaqtamanta	None
riqsinkunawan	None
chullusqani	First person Singular
llamp'uni	First person Singular
amallasachunchu	Third person Singular
askhayani	First person Singular
allwinqa	Third person Singular
tarpusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rantirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
armakusqan	Third person Singular
ninarqankichik	Second person Plural
amamaqanakuchunchu	Third person Singular
kanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
puchkakunanka	None
kinwapura	None
samarqankichik	Second person Plural
waqyankupura	None
atikasqankichik	Second person Plural
qunqasqan	Third person Singular
marq'achunku	Third person Plural
q'apayniykupura	None
ukhunman	None
haraway	Second person Singular
unirqan	Third person Singular
pukaranqaku	Third person Plural
qullaman	None
akllanqa	Third person Singular
tanqasqani	First person Singular
ch'akichirqani	First person Singular
yachay	Second person Singular
allquchay	Second person Singular
lliphisqanki	Second person Singular
puchkasaq	First person Singular
sapaymanta	None
suyasqan	Third person Singular
ayrampukunahina	None
pallqusqanki	Second person Singular
p'ampachasaq	First person Singular
anschuykuchun	Third person Singular
qillqamanta	None
akay	Second person Singular
qillqasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
quyan	None
suwarqani	First person Singular
amat'ikraychu	Second person Singular
suyukunapura	None
ch'uyancharqanki	Second person Singular
ruk'uyan	Third person Singular
amuyarqanku	Third person Plural
tuytusaq	First person Singular
mikhunanchikhina	None
susun	Third person Singular
q'apisqankichik	Second person Plural
yallini	First person Singular
wamp'uyniykikunakama	None
amaiñiychikchu	Second person Plural
rimachisqankichik	Second person Plural
llamkhan	Third person Singular
sisankuna	None
q'imikusqankichik	Second person Plural
qhinchachanku	Third person Plural
atipanakunqaku	Third person Plural
chikchi	None
ch'arancharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hak'u	None
rikuriykuna	None
wik'uñaykukunamanta	None
muyurqankichik	Second person Plural
kuyunqaku	Third person Plural
awankasqanki	Second person Singular
allpayachisqanki	Second person Singular
p'itisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
quyllurchawniykunata	None
takiykiman	None
hamut'arqankichik	Second person Plural
thuqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'illchichisqankichik	Second person Plural
tukuchirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhawayniykunarayku	None
huhyachunku	Third person Plural
chakachasqankichik	Second person Plural
huch'uiyarqanku	Third person Plural
hak'uchasqanku	Third person Plural
yachakunqaku	Third person Plural
amahamurpaychikchu	Second person Plural
chamqarqanki	Second person Singular
wiñan	Third person Singular
humint'asqanki	Second person Singular
huhyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaqarachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'uhllarqani	First person Singular
ninayachun	Third person Singular
ch'ipchini	First person Singular
ch'illuchay	Second person Singular
ñawilliy	Second person Singular
imanasqankichik	Second person Plural
amayanuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
tipirqanki	Second person Singular
chinkaykusqankichik	Second person Plural
wayrachisaq	First person Singular
paraykupa	None
churiyarqanku	Third person Plural
anchayarqanki	Second person Singular
piturqanki	Second person Singular
wayt'arqanku	Third person Plural
haparqani	First person Singular
asipayani	First person Singular
llaki	None
simintin	None
mink'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kunanqa	Third person Singular
p'ampachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allichasqanku	Third person Plural
ruphachini	First person Singular
ch'unqanqaku	Third person Plural
kinwankunawan	None
qatisqankichik	Second person Plural
chawpicharqanki	Second person Singular
rak'iyniykichikkunapi	None
t'ipisaq	First person Singular
rurukuna	None
yachakuchunku	Third person Plural
ispapakuychik	Second person Plural
michin	Third person Singular
kumuychik	Second person Plural
huñuchunku	Third person Plural
runapi	None
ruraqkunata	None
yallisqan	Third person Singular
ischuchasqanku	Third person Plural
ismasqanku	Third person Plural
amarimachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
allichirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uhtasqanki	Second person Singular
amañichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amachanchaychikchu	Second person Plural
amawañuychu	Second person Singular
q'apayniykunakama	None
hakuykipaq	None
chantarqankichik	Second person Plural
wallpasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llaqwanqa	Third person Singular
ch'uyanasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sinchinchikkama	None
kankannaq	None
uynisqani	First person Singular
pisiy	Second person Singular
amachulluchunkuchu	Third person Plural
allayniykikunarayku	None
paskaykikama	None
chakwasninnaq	None
kutichunku	Third person Plural
hamurpayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqaykurqan	Third person Singular
llulmisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
halay	Second person Singular
tupaykukunakama	None
tusuyninchikpura	None
allqucharqankichik	Second person Plural
qayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sutinta	None
uywamanta	None
qhichwankukunata	None
q'imiyninchikkunaman	None
amanta	None
chikachachun	Third person Singular
hat'ansillanku	Third person Plural
ch'iqmichisqan	Third person Singular
apinpi	None
qurinchikhina	None
chuqana	None
hampiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amasuyakuchunchu	Third person Singular
chaki	None
rampasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
muchurqani	First person Singular
waskankupi	None
qhurusqanku	Third person Plural
qhawarqanku	Third person Plural
harwiy	Second person Singular
hayt'ayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puchkaninka	None
aqucharqanku	Third person Plural
rakiman	None
q'iminku	Third person Plural
kunaykunap	None
yawarta	None
chapusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'uychiyrayku	None
kutichichun	Third person Singular
amach'unqaychu	Second person Singular
amachurachunchu	Third person Singular
mutkhinku	Third person Plural
chuhchurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'apayniykunantin	None
pisirqan	Third person Singular
puchkanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
haywariychik	Second person Plural
paqtaynintin	None
chahrachaychik	Second person Plural
manquykikunap	None
kuchusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
intita	None
pachaykinka	None
amaqallachunchu	Third person Singular
wawqikunantin	None
amach'aphchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
wañurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pampachasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chiqachakusqani	First person Singular
kawsayninpa	None
chakwaskunalla	None
chulluchirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
khuyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuchuyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chawasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaharatachunchu	Third person Singular
rikuchisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mallanqa	Third person Singular
sipisqan	Third person Singular
churichakuchunku	Third person Plural
apichachun	Third person Singular
chimpachisqanku	Third person Plural
amamaqaychu	Second person Singular
chimpaychik	Second person Plural
chanqaykukunqa	Third person Singular
runankuna	None
suk'annaq	None
hayllisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakapusaq	First person Singular
hankakunarayku	None
hanyarqanki	Second person Singular
qincharqan	Third person Singular
hinaykipi	None
pukllan	Third person Singular
takana	None
qapariy	Second person Singular
maywasqanku	Third person Plural
kusiyniyninka	None
aymurarqanku	Third person Plural
ch'iwkachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chikchiykikama	None
masqan	Third person Singular
allichanqaku	Third person Plural
khuyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pampacharqankichik	Second person Plural
allpasqan	Third person Singular
kayninpa	None
chichuyasqanku	Third person Plural
chichuyarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yaqullayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
irparqanku	Third person Plural
mikhunku	Third person Plural
hank'arqanku	Third person Plural
suyurqani	First person Singular
ispayninchikkunapura	None
ñanniyninka	None
chakinpi	None
tupasqanki	Second person Singular
hik'inqa	Third person Singular
chiqaykurayku	None
huq'uchasaq	First person Singular
wachachunku	Third person Plural
samaq	None
chawanqaku	Third person Plural
yuriyninkunapi	None
ñukñunkukunantin	None
kuchurqanki	Second person Singular
qillqata	None
apaysisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
anti	None
larachunku	Third person Plural
atillchaykukunanka	None
waqachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
harchiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wacharqanki	Second person Singular
uruyayki	None
t'ipirqanki	Second person Singular
hant'arqanqaku	Third person Plural
p'akirqanki	Second person Singular
awasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llimphinku	Third person Plural
ch'iqmichichun	Third person Singular
urquykichikkunahina	None
ñan	None
yanapasaq	First person Singular
achiwanchikwan	None
phaqsasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apaysirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qunusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'ipchiykunanka	None
puchkay	Second person Singular
llamp'unqaku	Third person Plural
atipachikun	Third person Singular
hallmarqanku	Third person Plural
llamkhasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'ustuchun	Third person Singular
rurasqanki	Second person Singular
hawisqani	First person Singular
ch'illmipakurqankichik	Second person Plural
aklluykachaychik	Second person Plural
sususqanku	Third person Plural
amahuq'uchaychikchu	Second person Plural
musquchani	First person Singular
churakurqankichik	Second person Plural
sapa	None
ullantayniykichikrayku	None
wak'aykipa	None
musquypa	None
much'ahina	None
akllusqanki	Second person Singular
wich'qanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aypachun	Third person Singular
punkichunku	Third person Plural
chapukusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
añaychani	First person Singular
khuyaykunapi	None
phaqsaykukunaman	None
uywakunamanta	None
puqusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yaqullasaq	First person Singular
awannasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
añaynichisqan	Third person Singular
huhyarqanki	Second person Singular
wakchata	None
watyasqankichik	Second person Plural
suyachun	Third person Singular
aqtuni	First person Singular
huñuysisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'arkisqanki	Second person Singular
alayrichisqanki	Second person Singular
hunt'achichunku	Third person Plural
llallirqankichik	Second person Plural
supayninkukunawan	None
kumusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
arma	None
puñuchunku	Third person Plural
ch'aqwasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amapallquchunchu	Third person Singular
urpiykichikkunalla	None
chuhchuni	First person Singular
riqsiychik	Second person Plural
riqsinqaku	Third person Plural
chakachikusaq	First person Singular
ruru	None
awsasqan	Third person Singular
raphi	None
thantachun	Third person Singular
rumi	None
hip'ichunku	Third person Plural
waynanchikkunamanta	None
ch'aqisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'askankunawan	None
mayllayninkuhina	None
hinaykichikkunalla	None
pachapura	None
rantiyniykinka	None
kapuy	Second person Singular
p'unchawniykichikkunannaq	None
wasinkunapaq	None
qhichwata	None
kutichisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qarap	None
apanquraykichiklla	None
sinchiyasaq	First person Singular
muyuq	None
akullirqani	First person Singular
wayrachinku	Third person Plural
chapukunqa	Third person Singular
haywakachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaiqhachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ayphayarqankichik	Second person Plural
t'aqakama	None
yurin	Third person Singular
arphayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yanayniykikunahina	None
amat'ikaychu	Second person Singular
ayllunakusqanku	Third person Plural
q'iwiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqaykurqani	First person Singular
mallkinchikninnaq	None
llamp'urqankichik	Second person Plural
rawrayniykikama	None
ripuwlika	None
pachanpi	None
ch'allan	Third person Singular
tapuna	None
yupanankunapura	None
hut'kunqa	Third person Singular
watusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyakuyykupaq	None
muchuyninchikkunahina	None
maskhachunku	Third person Plural
amañawinchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
pirwarqankichik	Second person Plural
awqanakusaq	First person Singular
qhawana	None
chinchaykunaman	None
llakisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
takiq	None
kallchasaq	First person Singular
rawrayniykinnaq	None
arphayanqa	Third person Singular
sisarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'allampaykiman	None
aqhaykichikkunapaq	None
chukullikuchunku	Third person Plural
amatakiychikchu	Second person Plural
pisiyninkupi	None
wachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sallqaykukunata	None
mirarqanki	Second person Singular
mama	None
hamanq'ayykunka	None
hamurparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hanpunqaku	Third person Plural
kutinchikpa	None
chanrararayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huq'uchachunku	Third person Plural
chukullikunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thatkinkukunanka	None
ch'awani	First person Singular
muyuyniykichikmanta	None
rantikurqani	First person Singular
chayanpuni	First person Singular
kawsasqa	None
watyaykukunannaq	None
yachakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phallchaykunnaq	None
allincharqanku	Third person Plural
taytata	None
lliphirqan	Third person Singular
chapusqani	First person Singular
qillqakuna	None
qununqaku	Third person Plural
allpata	None
punkinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
watukuyniykichikkunapi	None
illaykuna	None
hiq'ipanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amatasqan	Third person Singular
aysayniykichikkunata	None
chiqniyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
harwisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llaqwayninchikkunap	None
risqankichik	Second person Plural
challwa	None
awqankuta	None
kasqani	First person Singular
rantikuychik	Second person Plural
allinyachisaq	First person Singular
alqasqan	Third person Singular
chinkayniykurayku	None
chirichunku	Third person Plural
aquchasaq	First person Singular
pampayninnaq	None
ankuykipaq	None
umankuhina	None
manqunkukunapi	None
amasukachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amach'iqanachunchu	Third person Singular
amaqallachunkuchu	Third person Plural
tupurqanku	Third person Plural
muyuyniywan	None
imanarqan	Third person Singular
huñirqan	Third person Singular
sutirqani	First person Singular
mikhurqan	Third person Singular
amachiriychu	Second person Singular
qaqaykunanka	None
alqarqan	Third person Singular
amach'ipchiychikchu	Second person Plural
hamanq'ayykihina	None
ch'akichirqanki	Second person Singular
wawqikuna	None
suyayninchikkunapaq	None
mitk'anqaku	Third person Plural
waqani	First person Singular
mikhuq	None
kallpasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
añisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
paqarirqanku	Third person Plural
t'urpusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kusisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayphayarqanki	Second person Singular
amatasaq	First person Singular
runakunapaq	None
amamayllakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
urquyninka	None
ususin	None
hanka	None
rikunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qillqaqhawasqanku	Third person Plural
quyaykichikninnaq	None
ñit'iyniykita	None
ch'asparqanku	Third person Plural
qatispa	None
chinruykachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñurqankichik	Second person Plural
yarpasaq	First person Singular
t'aqsarqanku	Third person Plural
amaismaychu	Second person Singular
atipanakuchunku	Third person Plural
qaparinqaku	Third person Plural
amainqhiykachachunchu	Third person Singular
qurichisqankichik	Second person Plural
sayarinku	Third person Plural
kurakan	None
ischuchaychik	Second person Plural
chanrararasqanku	Third person Plural
machayniykukunaman	None
hark'ayniykikunata	None
allquchaykikuna	None
mitikunqaku	Third person Plural
anschuykunakuy	Second person Singular
amahaywaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'uhtasaq	First person Singular
achalakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
runakuna	None
uyankuna	None
amamusphaychu	Second person Singular
takarqan	Third person Singular
qarayninkunannaq	None
llakinman	None
watanqa	Third person Singular
uyarqani	First person Singular
phiñarqani	First person Singular
wamp'uy	Second person Singular
ch'uychuni	First person Singular
yanuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llamkhanqa	Third person Singular
challwaykichiklla	None
ruruykunanka	None
qullqilla	None
askhayanqaku	Third person Plural
ruruy	Second person Singular
qichuspa	None
kichasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ripusqankichik	Second person Plural
miranqa	Third person Singular
ch'uyayachichun	Third person Singular
yapunqaku	Third person Plural
wayrankurayku	None
amachakachikuychu	Second person Singular
awqanakurqan	Third person Singular
kumunqaku	Third person Plural
suyusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkarparini	First person Singular
chiqninqaku	Third person Plural
amañiychikchu	Second person Plural
khallkachikunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tapusqankichik	Second person Plural
kañay	Second person Singular
kichankunata	None
khachurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyayniykichikkunaman	None
askhayachirqani	First person Singular
ch'ipchirqan	Third person Singular
marq'ayniykichikta	None
yarpanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayphayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hallmanqaku	Third person Plural
ayqiykurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amarutuychikchu	Second person Plural
haparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phiñasqan	Third person Singular
layqakunap	None
anschuykunakusqanki	Second person Singular
hanuk'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
imanan	Third person Singular
muchusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thantan	Third person Singular
kapusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'irwachunchu	Third person Singular
arphayasqani	First person Singular
ch'iqmichisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tususaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huq'ucharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hankaykikunarayku	None
p'achanchikkunarayku	None
aycha	None
utqaychachunku	Third person Plural
puñun	Third person Singular
yaqullanku	Third person Plural
sapalla	None
chaskisqa	None
uyan	Third person Singular
huhllasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
makinkunapura	None
ch'iqtasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yuyay	Second person Singular
aysasaq	First person Singular
wasita	None
thuqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kamayuqkunapura	None
atipachawniykimanta	None
hip'isqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
husk'arqani	First person Singular
hatunchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yaqullakunawan	None
amatupachunchu	Third person Singular
hamusqan	Third person Singular
amakusikuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
chinruykachiy	Second person Singular
wak'an	None
amaunuyaychu	Second person Singular
phaqsasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
parlayniykukunantin	None
sinchiyarqanku	Third person Plural
yawar	None
away	Second person Singular
qichurqanki	Second person Singular
hankanchikmanta	None
chanqaykuchunku	Third person Plural
achalakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyakurqanku	Third person Plural
khallkisaq	First person Singular
hayllinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qasaq	None
akullirqanku	Third person Plural
p'utinkukunawan	None
rak'isaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qichusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pawayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyaynintin	None
rawraq	None
qillqaqhawachunku	Third person Plural
t'ikarqani	First person Singular
husk'achun	Third person Singular
ashisqan	Third person Singular
ch'aphchachunku	Third person Plural
waqan	Third person Singular
thitiykukuna	None
ayniyniykichikkunalla	None
llaqtakunata	None
chiriyachinqa	Third person Singular
iskaychasqan	Third person Singular
qhinchachasqanku	Third person Plural
ayrampuman	None
hatarisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pachanta	None
puñusaq	First person Singular
achkachay	Second person Singular
chikachasaq	First person Singular
chapinku	Third person Plural
suq'usqan	Third person Singular
askhayachisqani	First person Singular
amach'umachunkuchu	Third person Plural
maqakusqanki	Second person Singular
p'uchqusqankichik	Second person Plural
amachaq	None
saqirqan	Third person Singular
kamayuqninwan	None
pukyun	Third person Singular
ruphalla	None
chanchan	Third person Singular
pukyuy	Second person Singular
ayllusqani	First person Singular
ch'iwkachirqankichik	Second person Plural
yachayta	None
amaallquchaychu	Second person Singular
hat'allini	First person Singular
ch'akichikusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wanunchikpura	None
ismuy	Second person Singular
mutkhisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawkarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thuqan	Third person Singular
wikch'urqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muchuychik	Second person Plural
rikch'arqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
simita	None
ripunku	Third person Plural
ch'iwkachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huq'arisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yanunku	Third person Plural
llamk'ananinka	None
hunp'isunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kañasqa	None
amamaskhaychu	Second person Singular
intinchikkunaman	None
awankanqa	Third person Singular
qallariypi	None
añisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wallpa	None
baharqan	Third person Singular
muspharqanki	Second person Singular
huq'uchan	Third person Singular
nanayninhina	None
llullaychik	Second person Plural
rikuni	First person Singular
phallcha	None
anqusasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaawsaychu	Second person Singular
amauynikuychu	Second person Singular
wawaykichikkunakama	None
kusisqankichik	Second person Plural
kallpaychik	Second person Plural
tantarqani	First person Singular
kukanintin	None
armakusqankichik	Second person Plural
sinq'asaq	First person Singular
amak'anchachunchu	Third person Singular
anschiykachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatanqachunchu	Third person Singular
ayñirqanku	Third person Plural
yurinkuta	None
yupanankukama	None
hunt'ayninchikkunawan	None
unisqanku	Third person Plural
suniykukunahina	None
yapayniykipa	None
akllunqa	Third person Singular
llamp'usqan	Third person Singular
antiykikunaman	None
q'apirqani	First person Singular
wich'qasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
purirqankichik	Second person Plural
kunka	None
apakamuy	Second person Singular
huch'uiyachirqankichik	Second person Plural
tukuchiychik	Second person Plural
pukarachun	Third person Singular
hurqurqanki	Second person Singular
apakamusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
simp'aninka	None
amachuriyachunchu	Third person Singular
amaayllunakuchunchu	Third person Singular
kunasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apichakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
marq'ayniykunamanta	None
kusi	None
kachurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lliphirqanki	Second person Singular
thatkinkunnaq	None
allinchachun	Third person Singular
khipuchunku	Third person Plural
hephq'arqankichik	Second person Plural
suysusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hinapi	None
chuqarqanku	Third person Plural
aymurayniykikunanka	None
chapusqa	None
ch'illchichirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ispay	Second person Singular
challpuchunku	Third person Plural
amahuqarichunkuchu	Third person Plural
quya	None
churiykunahina	None
qurichisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churpurqanku	Third person Plural
makita	None
rikurisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wathiyachunku	Third person Plural
pirqakuna	None
armasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'unqan	Third person Singular
iskaychay	Second person Singular
yanapanqaku	Third person Plural
imanta	None
qaralla	None
achkachasqanki	Second person Singular
amahuñiychu	Second person Singular
achurasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaruk'uyaychikchu	Second person Plural
chaskinqaku	Third person Plural
amach'utiychu	Second person Singular
wañuymanta	None
ullpukusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urachun	Third person Singular
arawarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phaqsankukunapaq	None
makiykukunamanta	None
saksasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phawan	Third person Singular
chinpirqani	First person Singular
t'antaykukunata	None
miranku	Third person Plural
anschiykachani	First person Singular
chawpinmanta	None
p'ampachasqan	Third person Singular
amaaskhayachiychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'uspaykunapura	None
kuraka	None
k'anchankukama	None
hatarinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
añaynichisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayllunakusqan	Third person Singular
ashirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
charirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sususqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wawqinkukunapaq	None
ankallikusqan	Third person Singular
hatariy	Second person Singular
amaakllachunchu	Third person Singular
phinkiy	Second person Singular
ch'arkirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yachakusqani	First person Singular
challwakuna	None
unuyasqa	None
rumirqan	Third person Singular
chapatiyarqanku	Third person Plural
ch'aphchasaq	First person Singular
kallchan	Third person Singular
anku	None
takinqaku	Third person Plural
machasqankichik	Second person Plural
musqurqani	First person Singular
uynikuy	Second person Singular
yapanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
armaychik	Second person Plural
kanchachunku	Third person Plural
qillqaqhawapachun	Third person Singular
hayt'asqankichik	Second person Plural
apakapurqankichik	Second person Plural
llaqwayninkukunanka	None
hatariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allwirqan	Third person Singular
aycharanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaq'imichunchu	Third person Singular
samanta	None
hayway	Second person Singular
antachanku	Third person Plural
huñuchun	Third person Singular
ñit'isqankichik	Second person Plural
q'apayninkukunata	None
siriychik	Second person Plural
phutini	First person Singular
pukyusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñuchisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
iskaychasaq	First person Singular
q'ispinkukunapura	None
hik'isqanki	Second person Singular
tuyturqanku	Third person Plural
asiyniykikunahina	None
mirayninchikkunanka	None
chuhchusqani	First person Singular
llamkhasqani	First person Singular
parasaq	First person Singular
k'umuy	Second person Singular
aquchan	Third person Singular
huch'uiyachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
simanankukunapi	None
kukaykichikkunalla	None
atirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sawarqanki	Second person Singular
ch'aqchuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phawarqankichik	Second person Plural
sinchiyachunku	Third person Plural
thuqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khachuchunku	Third person Plural
huñuchisaq	First person Singular
hunp'ichun	Third person Singular
yachaymanta	None
tiqsin	Third person Singular
llamanchikkunawan	None
t'urpuchun	Third person Singular
allquchakurqanki	Second person Singular
chakinnaq	None
yanasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aklluykachanqaku	Third person Plural
ruphaynku	None
allpanan	Third person Singular
kulliyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muchuyniykichikkunannaq	None
amaawannachunchu	Third person Singular
p'unchawniykihina	None
rimasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kununununqa	Third person Singular
hayllichunku	Third person Plural
chapinnachunku	Third person Plural
tupuy	Second person Singular
yachaykunamanta	None
p'uchquyniykuman	None
uhuykunnaq	None
unquypa	None
aklluyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hip'inchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'aspachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ruk'uyasqani	First person Singular
sukarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apaykuq	None
tiyarqan	Third person Singular
ismarqan	Third person Singular
amaachkachaychu	Second person Singular
pirqanqaku	Third person Plural
suwachun	Third person Singular
watasqankichik	Second person Plural
pantayniykichikkunahina	None
qillqanapaq	None
ikmayasqani	First person Singular
ayqiykusqan	Third person Singular
qallaykichikkuna	None
raphiykikunanka	None
rikch'ayniykikunamanta	None
hampiq	None
apichanku	Third person Plural
wañurqan	Third person Singular
pirqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
anchachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aklluykachan	Third person Singular
amakhallkachikuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
amahap'ichunchu	Third person Singular
huñuchiy	Second person Singular
tupaqniykukunawan	None
chakannarqankichik	Second person Plural
ninayay	Second person Singular
mitmayninchikmanta	None
rantikunku	Third person Plural
ch'akichikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kunti	None
suwasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
umaykukuna	None
qhawayninkumanta	None
hip'irqani	First person Singular
illapachawninchikhina	None
riqsin	Third person Singular
ch'akirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
uynikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ismusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rak'irqanki	Second person Singular
ch'akichinku	Third person Plural
parlanqa	Third person Singular
mitmayninchikkunawan	None
takiy	Second person Singular
pallqurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mink'aykukunap	None
wiksapi	None
huch'uiyarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urani	First person Singular
wawqikunannaq	None
achuran	Third person Singular
ñit'ichunku	Third person Plural
amawt'anchikninnaq	None
sayayniyman	None
muchuchun	Third person Singular
tiksinqa	Third person Singular
t'aqsanku	Third person Plural
wayrasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'illmipakuni	First person Singular
aywasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kunkalla	None
p'ampaykunap	None
maywarqan	Third person Singular
rantikusqan	Third person Singular
chahrakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruphachin	Third person Singular
lluqsiq	None
ch'illmipakunqaku	Third person Plural
thasarqankichik	Second person Plural
rantiyninchikninnaq	None
phinkisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rumilla	None
chumpisqanku	Third person Plural
maqanakuspa	None
saqinqa	Third person Singular
amaallwiychikchu	Second person Plural
amaastakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
q'apayniyhina	None
atipachikusqanku	Third person Plural
amaayqichiychikchu	Second person Plural
raphip	None
chakatasqankichik	Second person Plural
pakasqanku	Third person Plural
huhllasqanku	Third person Plural
munaywan	None
puqunqaku	Third person Plural
thasnusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rutuyniykunap	None
sipichun	Third person Singular
sawarqani	First person Singular
amahumint'aychikchu	Second person Plural
kinaykukunakama	None
riq	None
kutipakusaq	First person Singular
amamuch'aychikchu	Second person Plural
amapituychikchu	Second person Plural
amaachalachunkuchu	Third person Plural
hunk'aykichiknintin	None
kawsan	Third person Singular
maqaq	None
alqankukunannaq	None
lluqsin	Third person Singular
kañarqan	Third person Singular
warkusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tupunkurayku	None
wichayniykichikpi	None
hamusqankichik	Second person Plural
llullusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allarqani	First person Singular
hanuk'asaq	First person Singular
amaharawiychu	Second person Singular
kutarqan	Third person Singular
parlayninchikpi	None
allichasqa	None
hayratachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khallkiy	Second person Singular
millasqanku	Third person Plural
aquchasqani	First person Singular
takiyniykunap	None
yurakunapaq	None
uyahina	None
rikusqanku	Third person Plural
amaapichachunkuchu	Third person Plural
apichakunqaku	Third person Plural
tiqsiychik	Second person Plural
ñaqch'anqa	Third person Singular
q'imirqani	First person Singular
ataw	None
chimpachisqanki	Second person Singular
yuyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'itunqaku	Third person Plural
armarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
parlanqaku	Third person Plural
rikusqa	None
kinayninka	None
wamp'unninnaq	None
rutuykukunanka	None
pirwanchikrayku	None
ispapakuni	First person Singular
amahant'arqachunchu	Third person Singular
unqurqanki	Second person Singular
utqaycharqankichik	Second person Plural
watarqan	Third person Singular
ch'unqay	Second person Singular
chuhchusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chapiy	Second person Singular
warkurqanki	Second person Singular
grasyaykunantin	None
amachiqaqchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
phuyunpaq	None
rirpuykichikkuna	None
chayanpusqanku	Third person Plural
chaparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chahchanqaku	Third person Plural
llamkasqanku	Third person Plural
aysayniykunapi	None
hut'kurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yawnanqaku	Third person Plural
wayraykukunawan	None
hik'ichunku	Third person Plural
waskanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pallqusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaanschiykachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
yachakuqninkuntin	None
michisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'ampaykukunap	None
inqhiykacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muyurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
marq'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
arqhipanku	Third person Plural
allpayachirqan	Third person Singular
ukhuykuntin	None
runakunata	None
pallayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yañayniykukunanka	None
ayllunakuni	First person Singular
musqunku	Third person Plural
kamayuqkuna	None
waqyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sisarqanku	Third person Plural
kanqaku	Third person Plural
awqachunku	Third person Plural
kapuyniykukama	None
t'antarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allichayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qulla	None
chakuq	None
sunquykimanta	None
ripuwlikakunaman	None
chihllusqankichik	Second person Plural
ayparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaqilliychikchu	Second person Plural
yachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hat'ansillasqanki	Second person Singular
kaninku	Third person Plural
hallparqani	First person Singular
amasawaychikchu	Second person Plural
qhinchachasaq	First person Singular
unquywan	None
p'achankunap	None
amaqispichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
mayllakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'aqsasqani	First person Singular
liwrukuna	None
qaparisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachiraraychikchu	Second person Plural
achispa	None
mutkhirqanki	Second person Singular
qasay	Second person Singular
wawamanta	None
suyu	None
taripayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'iqusqani	First person Singular
rawrani	First person Singular
siqsisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuñini	First person Singular
apaykurqankichik	Second person Plural
purispa	None
chanchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hark'arqanki	Second person Singular
chullunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawillirqani	First person Singular
nin	Third person Singular
qillqaqhawanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rurusqanki	Second person Singular
kawsaq	None
ñawillirqan	Third person Singular
machasaq	First person Singular
atipachawninpa	None
anschiykacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
illarqanku	Third person Plural
paqtanku	Third person Plural
ayqiyniykikunaman	None
urquwan	None
suwarqankichik	Second person Plural
ismurqan	Third person Singular
watukuni	First person Singular
aymuraychik	Second person Plural
pisini	First person Singular
waqaynin	None
amarawraychu	Second person Singular
qhurusqani	First person Singular
amaapamuychikchu	Second person Plural
illapasaq	First person Singular
wasikuna	None
yachakurqankichik	Second person Plural
pañaman	None
amaallpanaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'arqayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhawayniykikunannaq	None
amañaqch'achunchu	Third person Singular
wayrachinaykichikta	None
kulliyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
munanku	Third person Plural
t'ustuni	First person Singular
kusiykikunantin	None
awqanakurqanku	Third person Plural
uywa	None
wayllun	Third person Singular
hat'ansillachun	Third person Singular
chayakamusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yuriykichikkunantin	None
ch'irwachun	Third person Singular
ñawinman	None
atipachikusqankichik	Second person Plural
qhapaq	None
ch'aphranarqani	First person Singular
kallchasqanku	Third person Plural
atilchasaq	First person Singular
akllurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amañawinchaychu	Second person Singular
muyuynin	None
khachunchikpaq	None
rantiyniykunannaq	None
apatatasqani	First person Singular
paranku	Third person Plural
llimphirqanki	Second person Singular
ch'achunqaku	Third person Plural
ch'aqisqani	First person Singular
amaayqiychikchu	Second person Plural
armasqanku	Third person Plural
amakulliyaychikchu	Second person Plural
amasuyuchunchu	Third person Singular
apakamusqan	Third person Singular
ñawiykachachunku	Third person Plural
tuytusqankichik	Second person Plural
amaasiychikchu	Second person Plural
q'awaykukama	None
uyariy	Second person Singular
yuraykama	None
thantarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wamp'uyniypura	None
qullpasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kanini	First person Singular
kawsanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aquchasqankichik	Second person Plural
ñawillinku	Third person Plural
t'ikrankukunapaq	None
awñiychik	Second person Plural
hat'allirqanku	Third person Plural
kutipakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chirisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
lliphisqan	Third person Singular
hankaypura	None
kuntiman	None
ch'illchichisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkayniykunantin	None
amamanchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
haytarakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tukuchisqan	Third person Singular
awasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hich'arqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayñinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hink'irqan	Third person Singular
amap'akiychu	Second person Singular
takarqanku	Third person Plural
wanaku	None
churakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mana	None
amaischuchaychu	Second person Singular
kachasqa	None
pawanku	Third person Plural
kichasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wich'qani	First person Singular
hich'ani	First person Singular
chanqiyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qunqachun	Third person Singular
amaantachaychikchu	Second person Plural
tanqachunku	Third person Plural
ch'uyayachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phawasqani	First person Singular
chimpachisqani	First person Singular
ch'uyanarqan	Third person Singular
pakayniykukunaman	None
arinsanku	Third person Plural
ikmayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñaqch'asqanku	Third person Plural
amaaqtuchunchu	Third person Singular
musquchasqankichik	Second person Plural
ayparqankichik	Second person Plural
t'impun	Third person Singular
khuchiykuhina	None
amasaphichunkuchu	Third person Plural
musquchanku	Third person Plural
rankhinchikpura	None
allinchaspa	None
ninankupura	None
chutarqankichik	Second person Plural
amaruphachunkuchu	Third person Plural
thuñirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kani	First person Singular
atinqa	Third person Singular
qhichwaman	None
ch'ipchichun	Third person Singular
chaninchanqa	Third person Singular
qisankunanka	None
hanpusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'unqasqani	First person Singular
arqhipanqaku	Third person Plural
nanarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
muyuykukunahina	None
amaankallikuchunchu	Third person Singular
hatarisqanki	Second person Singular
watunqa	Third person Singular
amayarpachunchu	Third person Singular
awqarqanki	Second person Singular
lliphirqanku	Third person Plural
pakanqaku	Third person Plural
llamp'unqa	Third person Singular
q'imisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aklluykachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ichisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatanqaychu	Second person Singular
aqturqanku	Third person Plural
yarparqan	Third person Singular
allpaqaykukunapura	None
chayamun	Third person Singular
mit'aykichiklla	None
charinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pachanka	None
utqaychasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'usturqankichik	Second person Plural
puqunqa	Third person Singular
chikchinkukuna	None
amapunkiychikchu	Second person Plural
rak'iypa	None
amallamkachunkuchu	Third person Plural
muyuchun	Third person Singular
amapukllaychikchu	Second person Plural
challwakunata	None
atilchasqan	Third person Singular
asisqanki	Second person Singular
ayllun	Third person Singular
ayqichisqankichik	Second person Plural
chuntaykupaq	None
ñawisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llasanqaku	Third person Plural
rikunqaku	Third person Plural
hunt'achisqanku	Third person Plural
ayllunkukunapaq	None
chullusqanki	Second person Singular
amayapachunchu	Third person Singular
akllay	Second person Singular
chanqiyasqani	First person Singular
awqachun	Third person Singular
k'umurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
turiykuman	None
chiqnin	Third person Singular
phukusqanku	Third person Plural
millasqanki	Second person Singular
qishyasqanki	Second person Singular
layqaykikunawan	None
q'iwinku	Third person Plural
yachasqanki	Second person Singular
chumpin	Third person Singular
nananqaku	Third person Plural
wich'qarqanku	Third person Plural
ruk'uyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sayarisqa	None
qurqanki	Second person Singular
chinkakapurqanki	Second person Singular
wiñarqanki	Second person Singular
muchuy	Second person Singular
amamuchuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
churichakunqa	Third person Singular
amach'allachunkuchu	Third person Plural
pisinqa	Third person Singular
ch'uyayachiychik	Second person Plural
ñaqch'aykupaq	None
illankunapaq	None
suyun	Third person Singular
hut'uyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'ampachachun	Third person Singular
uhunqaku	Third person Plural
musphaychik	Second person Plural
pukaranchikpura	None
awannasqanku	Third person Plural
hamut'an	Third person Singular
grasyap	None
maqaypi	None
aysayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wayt'asqankichik	Second person Plural
raymiykikunapura	None
atikanqa	Third person Singular
chalaykichikkunarayku	None
awñirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llaqwan	Third person Singular
qaparirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aspinku	Third person Plural
takasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
uynikunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
watyankunaman	None
amaqaparichunkuchu	Third person Plural
apakamuchun	Third person Singular
urmarqankichik	Second person Plural
tanqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'akisaq	First person Singular
mitmayniykukunap	None
ñukñukunakama	None
paqarisaq	First person Singular
hatarin	Third person Singular
watyankunata	None
ch'uqchurqanki	Second person Singular
iskaychasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sapay	None
chiqnisqanku	Third person Plural
much'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'iminkukunantin	None
taqtay	Second person Singular
amayanachunchu	Third person Singular
aklluykachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rikch'ani	First person Singular
rit'ichun	Third person Singular
kunturninchikkunakama	None
puchkarqanku	Third person Plural
ñawparayku	None
pisilla	None
qispirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutanku	Third person Plural
llasay	Second person Singular
uma	None
wayt'anqaku	Third person Plural
amaaqtuychikchu	Second person Plural
amach'iwkachichunchu	Third person Singular
chanrararan	Third person Singular
paqariyninkupi	None
amaqishyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
aychaykichik	None
mikhunaykuntin	None
riqsinkukunapaq	None
huñuchin	Third person Singular
waqachirqan	Third person Singular
khipusqan	Third person Singular
pañakunap	None
ch'iqunqa	Third person Singular
rawranqa	Third person Singular
ruk'uykichikkunap	None
aysaysinqa	Third person Singular
atikasqanki	Second person Singular
sarurqani	First person Singular
achalachisqanki	Second person Singular
chiqchiykachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khatanchikkunalla	None
chuhchannanqaku	Third person Plural
kachurqan	Third person Singular
millp'un	Third person Singular
amahawkaychikchu	Second person Plural
wasiman	None
kutiykulla	None
alayrichisaq	First person Singular
chuchuyarqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'arkinqaku	Third person Plural
amaq'apachunchu	Third person Singular
t'ikanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tiksin	Third person Singular
chuhchusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amañawiychikchu	Second person Plural
asuychik	Second person Plural
quyllur	None
hik'ipakuchun	Third person Singular
yupaychanqa	Third person Singular
iqhay	Second person Singular
chikchiykichiknintin	None
amahamut'aychu	Second person Singular
amasuwachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chayakamunqa	Third person Singular
amaismaychikchu	Second person Plural
mitmanku	Third person Plural
yañayniykikunapaq	None
amaharwichunkuchu	Third person Plural
wawata	None
pisqukunap	None
yayakuna	None
achalachisqani	First person Singular
yachachiqninkunahina	None
apakamuychik	Second person Plural
simip	None
qillqanaykunalla	None
qunusqan	Third person Singular
churasqa	None
ch'akichirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iqharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'ipurqanki	Second person Singular
hurqusqankichik	Second person Plural
harwirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'unkunman	None
qatinku	Third person Plural
t'impuchunku	Third person Plural
chinkachiy	Second person Singular
hinasqani	First person Singular
amach'akichikuchunchu	Third person Singular
kanisaq	First person Singular
llasayniyku	None
tanqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chahrachasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aychararqanku	Third person Plural
sayk'uyniykumanta	None
rikch'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakamun	Third person Singular
ñawrankama	None
puqu	None
anschuykurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awñinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapukusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
harawirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pakasqa	None
kanisqankichik	Second person Plural
pirwayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawirisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
takayniymanta	None
khallkirqanki	Second person Singular
q'uchunku	None
amachanqaykuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
tarirqan	Third person Singular
qaparirqankichik	Second person Plural
amañasqanku	Third person Plural
harawinku	Third person Plural
kusikuy	Second person Singular
chichuyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sayarisqanki	Second person Singular
winan	Third person Singular
aynisqan	Third person Singular
upankunapaq	None
yacharqani	First person Singular
wasiykipura	None
allquchakusqan	Third person Singular
purunninkunap	None
chaski	None
chanqaykuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chulluchisaq	First person Singular
mink'ankupaq	None
amachinkakapuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
t'ikrasqani	First person Singular
chakachikurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wathiyankunata	None
harawanku	Third person Plural
ch'uqchusqankichik	Second person Plural
wasimanta	None
thatkiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
astakunqa	Third person Singular
awankaychik	Second person Plural
kallcharqanku	Third person Plural
hat'ansillachunku	Third person Plural
munasqan	Third person Singular
liwrun	None
achalachiy	Second person Singular
chanchanqa	Third person Singular
akllasqa	None
wayrachirqan	Third person Singular
pachahina	None
tamyasqankichik	Second person Plural
pitunku	Third person Plural
asnayninkukunamanta	None
kallchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñisqan	Third person Singular
intiymanta	None
apicharqanki	Second person Singular
tiyarqanku	Third person Plural
watukun	Third person Singular
q'apinkunka	None
yachachiqniykunapi	None
llamkhachunku	Third person Plural
yanayninkukunap	None
aysan	Third person Singular
amasawaychu	Second person Singular
hark'anpi	None
wich'qaychik	Second person Plural
awananchikkunannaq	None
amach'aqchuychikchu	Second person Plural
quyllurchawninkunapura	None
ch'illuchani	First person Singular
t'ikrarqankichik	Second person Plural
amaichhuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
q'ipiykunakama	None
amawinaychikchu	Second person Plural
musquchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urman	Third person Singular
haywakachasqan	Third person Singular
hinarqan	Third person Singular
aman	None
tusurqanku	Third person Plural
muyuyninchikninka	None
qunurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkaykunata	None
ruphachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puqunchikkunakama	None
achkachasqani	First person Singular
pirqa	None
amasimp'achunchu	Third person Singular
pawasqan	Third person Singular
apichani	First person Singular
ch'illchichirqanku	Third person Plural
runankukuna	None
wañurqankichik	Second person Plural
chinchayman	None
chinkasqa	None
ullpukusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
upallanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
killachaw	None
wallpaykichikrayku	None
hak'uchasqan	Third person Singular
husk'arqankichik	Second person Plural
qallarisqan	Third person Singular
rimachunku	Third person Plural
qasasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
supichun	Third person Singular
ishkiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aylluchunku	Third person Plural
amañawichunkuchu	Third person Plural
phawayninkukunamanta	None
chinkasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñiyninkukunawan	None
pirqanchikkunannaq	None
hawkasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yurisqankichik	Second person Plural
upyarqanku	Third person Plural
askhayarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hatunchani	First person Singular
ayqichisqani	First person Singular
p'uchqurqani	First person Singular
qallarisaq	First person Singular
hamanq'aynkunnaq	None
tamyasqanki	Second person Singular
pakanku	Third person Plural
lluqsinkupura	None
khallkachikurqan	Third person Singular
chihllurqankichik	Second person Plural
thatkisqankichik	Second person Plural
urasqankichik	Second person Plural
ayqiykurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuqasqanku	Third person Plural
paqarniykita	None
ch'irwasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churpusqan	Third person Singular
willarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
marq'ayniykinka	None
intichawniyta	None
apaykusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhurun	Third person Singular
ch'antasqanku	Third person Plural
sutinkuna	None
qatirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tantarqankichik	Second person Plural
upanrayku	None
samasqanku	Third person Plural
sirarqanku	Third person Plural
p'achanchikkunanka	None
achuranchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kayninpaq	None
llamakuna	None
kututuykichikkama	None
amapichachunchu	Third person Singular
allpaqa	None
huchachakuni	First person Singular
awasqankichik	Second person Plural
watuyniykikama	None
rumikuna	None
ch'uhllasqanku	Third person Plural
quyaykichikkunapura	None
waqyachunku	Third person Plural
qataykita	None
allinyachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
warkurqankichik	Second person Plural
illap	None
anchachanqa	Third person Singular
amatamyaychu	Second person Singular
ch'arqayarqankichik	Second person Plural
manqunkunahina	None
hephq'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
grasyankunapi	None
wañuypa	None
amawach'ichunkuchu	Third person Plural
utqaycharqanki	Second person Singular
allpanasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allincharqan	Third person Singular
chakatan	Third person Singular
amaispapakuychu	Second person Singular
amaarqhipachunchu	Third person Singular
pukllachunku	Third person Plural
allarqanki	Second person Singular
kumurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
raqacharayku	None
yallichun	Third person Singular
amañanqa	Third person Singular
kañinqaku	Third person Plural
pisiykikunannaq	None
mitmachun	Third person Singular
mikhun	Third person Singular
suniykupaq	None
kutayninchikkunata	None
apasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkayniykichikman	None
ankallikurqanku	Third person Plural
watyaykilla	None
awsayniykulla	None
yapanku	Third person Plural
manquykumanta	None
uyarirqanki	Second person Singular
chirisqanku	Third person Plural
q'iwinqa	Third person Singular
yanusqa	None
allqucharqan	Third person Singular
llamk'anqaku	Third person Plural
qallarisqa	None
atipanakusqankichik	Second person Plural
mañachun	Third person Singular
hurquy	Second person Singular
maywani	First person Singular
pusay	Second person Singular
huqariykintin	None
suniyninka	None
ruk'uyasqanku	Third person Plural
supisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rawrayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachaskiychu	Second person Singular
amaichiychu	Second person Singular
amañawichunchu	Third person Singular
rankhinchikkunamanta	None
tiyaq	None
amasipichunchu	Third person Singular
sapan	None
rak'irqani	First person Singular
sukanchikkunannaq	None
t'impusqankichik	Second person Plural
yanayninchikkunapi	None
hark'aychik	Second person Plural
hunp'irqanki	Second person Singular
alawchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khuyankulla	None
tiyamuy	Second person Singular
kuyun	Third person Singular
chanqaykukusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amañaqch'aychikchu	Second person Plural
awqanakunqaku	Third person Plural
yapaq	None
achachiykukunata	None
q'ipiykipi	None
parachunku	Third person Plural
amaañichunchu	Third person Singular
suyuq	None
yachakurqani	First person Singular
ima	None
hunt'apurqanki	Second person Singular
ch'uhtanasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chayakamuchun	Third person Singular
sipirqani	First person Singular
wañuy	Second person Singular
amahawkachunkuchu	Third person Plural
sansanku	None
iskini	First person Singular
t'ustusqanku	Third person Plural
sukhaykukunaman	None
alqasqani	First person Singular
chanqaykuy	Second person Singular
atikasqani	First person Singular
simipaq	None
chimpachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lliphllirqanku	Third person Plural
apay	Second person Singular
chikchiyhina	None
kutichisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wantu	None
quy	Second person Singular
rantikuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qaraychik	Second person Plural
hamut'aychik	Second person Plural
pirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sinchi	None
unqusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hanpusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñit'irqankichik	Second person Plural
llikllaykichik	None
amañasqankichik	Second person Plural
tapuq	None
apaysichun	Third person Singular
amaharchiyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
q'apasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kañanku	Third person Plural
thuñisqanki	Second person Singular
pirwasqanki	Second person Singular
p'itichun	Third person Singular
chahraysini	First person Singular
wayt'anku	Third person Plural
munarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuhchurqani	First person Singular
amach'antachunchu	Third person Singular
hawiyninchikkunawan	None
qallariyninkunapi	None
tuytuychik	Second person Plural
llamp'urqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wasiykilla	None
uynisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakusqanku	Third person Plural
qhawaykunarayku	None
hinasqanki	Second person Singular
amaaypachunkuchu	Third person Plural
asipayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tupaqninkunalla	None
llulmichun	Third person Singular
chahraysirqani	First person Singular
phawasqanku	Third person Plural
ch'atarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tamyarqanku	Third person Plural
suq'urqan	Third person Singular
ispapakusqanki	Second person Singular
suwaq	None
ñawrankunalla	None
tantanchikkunaman	None
q'iwisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pawani	First person Singular
ch'aphranasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinruykachiychik	Second person Plural
liyinqa	Third person Singular
utqayniykichikrayku	None
ch'iqanasqani	First person Singular
mayllanqa	Third person Singular
hinaykichikta	None
chapakurqanku	Third person Plural
kasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachahchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
qillqaqhawasqani	First person Singular
kuyuq	None
maywasqan	Third person Singular
muchuchunku	Third person Plural
asuykuchun	Third person Singular
hanaqkama	None
allinyachinqaku	Third person Plural
paqarisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chihlluy	Second person Singular
antacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
simikunapi	None
hut'uyarqanki	Second person Singular
phawaykachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yupaypi	None
ch'iqtan	Third person Singular
kutiychik	Second person Plural
amahut'uyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
qhichwan	None
qusqankichik	Second person Plural
allquchakusqanku	Third person Plural
thupasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allquchakurqankichik	Second person Plural
ñanninkunapura	None
punkichun	Third person Singular
uruyaykikunap	None
apaykun	Third person Singular
amachulluchichunchu	Third person Singular
qhawayninintin	None
kusinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chihllun	Third person Singular
taripasqanku	Third person Plural
chaskinku	Third person Plural
paqariykama	None
qhawaspa	None
chayanpuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
simiman	None
pirqarqan	Third person Singular
chahchachun	Third person Singular
tamyan	Third person Singular
huñuysisqankichik	Second person Plural
sinchiyasqa	None
maskhasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaanchaykachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
asnasqanku	Third person Plural
rakinchik	None
harwisqankichik	Second person Plural
yallisqa	None
raymiykunata	None
munanqaku	Third person Plural
rawrarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaphiñaychu	Second person Singular
yawarninkumanta	None
unquna	None
astakunqaku	Third person Plural
unu	None
phuyurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pacha	None
rantikurqankichik	Second person Plural
urqu	None
sayasqani	First person Singular
hatunchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hatunchan	Third person Singular
raqachanchikman	None
pukaranchikta	None
churiyay	Second person Singular
amawichachunchu	Third person Singular
rutuyniykunannaq	None
tapurqan	Third person Singular
allwirqani	First person Singular
amamaywaychikchu	Second person Plural
achalachichunku	Third person Plural
allpanani	First person Singular
phuyuq	None
willkachasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pusasqanki	Second person Singular
chapuychik	Second person Plural
samani	First person Singular
amach'iwkachiychu	Second person Singular
asiyninchikninka	None
tikankuna	None
p'ampaypura	None
chihllunku	Third person Plural
amaniychu	Second person Singular
chinkachisqani	First person Singular
ch'illchichisqan	Third person Singular
achkachasqanku	Third person Plural
kutay	Second person Singular
atisqani	First person Singular
kankanchikkuna	None
mitikusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaapichakuychu	Second person Singular
amaharawaychu	Second person Singular
phaqsaykikuna	None
utqaychachun	Third person Singular
taripay	Second person Singular
hik'isqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qunqasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'iqunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allinyachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qichuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wachanqaku	Third person Plural
phiñachun	Third person Singular
kinwaykunapi	None
uhusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'itunkukunapaq	None
yupikunarayku	None
sinq'ayninkukunawan	None
hik'ipakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'atanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wallpayninpa	None
simp'arqani	First person Singular
yachanqaku	Third person Plural
ispasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llullan	Third person Singular
sumasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yapalla	None
allayniykikunaman	None
mallirqanki	Second person Singular
amachinkachiychikchu	Second person Plural
kanisqanki	Second person Singular
chutarqanku	Third person Plural
achanqarayninkukama	None
ruphachinqa	Third person Singular
Dyuskunawan	None
amaispapakuychikchu	Second person Plural
qillqanaykikunannaq	None
amasaruchunchu	Third person Singular
chawarqanki	Second person Singular
aycharasqan	Third person Singular
uynikunku	Third person Plural
tutasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saksaykirayku	None
churan	Third person Singular
sunqunkukunaman	None
achalakurqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'uhllan	Third person Singular
amuyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruk'unintin	None
hik'ipakurqanki	Second person Singular
kanchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lluqsirqankichik	Second person Plural
suyakunqaku	Third person Plural
qillqasqan	Third person Singular
arphayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anchayachunku	Third person Plural
chihlluchun	Third person Singular
amaallipunakuchunchu	Third person Singular
wikch'urqanki	Second person Singular
chiqaqchachunku	Third person Plural
yuyani	First person Singular
k'umurqani	First person Singular
aspinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawraykikunantin	None
ususiykichikkunarayku	None
chayamunqa	Third person Singular
amak'umuychu	Second person Singular
sukanku	Third person Plural
phaqsayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mayllakunqaku	Third person Plural
qararqanki	Second person Singular
aklluykacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hurqunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yuri	None
akllunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wamp'uykukuna	None
pach'aykupa	None
qillqasqanki	Second person Singular
yañayniykukunannaq	None
kallpaykikunap	None
antacharqanki	Second person Singular
ch'ipchiy	Second person Singular
amuyarqan	Third person Singular
wich'qasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
churarqanku	Third person Plural
chikchirqani	First person Singular
ismarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakulliyachunchu	Third person Singular
amaqishyachunchu	Third person Singular
humint'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kaynin	None
ayniyniykukunapaq	None
watyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amahuhllachunkuchu	Third person Plural
sayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'iqanarqanki	Second person Singular
ch'atasqanku	Third person Plural
kumuchunku	Third person Plural
winanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allichisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'impuchisqan	Third person Singular
amakanichunchu	Third person Singular
chapukunqaku	Third person Plural
kapusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churanqa	Third person Singular
anschuykurqan	Third person Singular
llimphisqanki	Second person Singular
llaqtapura	None
rantina	None
hamurpasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chumpipi	None
ishkirqankichik	Second person Plural
hampiy	Second person Singular
phuyusaq	First person Singular
k'ancharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
simanapi	None
challaykichikpaq	None
kusikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anka	None
añikurqan	Third person Singular
suyakurqan	Third person Singular
yapayninkama	None
hapayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tiyamunku	Third person Plural
chamqaspa	None
intusqan	Third person Singular
tuqtunkama	None
rururqani	First person Singular
kunasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tutayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qaparichunku	Third person Plural
ch'antanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaamuyaychikchu	Second person Plural
watukurqani	First person Singular
ñanpi	None
utqaykunawan	None
ayllusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pirqankulla	None
takarqankichik	Second person Plural
wayrachinanchiknintin	None
sama	None
allasqani	First person Singular
intichawninkukunapi	None
amunkukama	None
antachasaq	First person Singular
llaqtakunap	None
t'aqsasqanki	Second person Singular
hik'ipakuy	Second person Singular
amawarkuychikchu	Second person Plural
amakusikuchunchu	Third person Singular
aypayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pukyurqani	First person Singular
rurunqa	Third person Singular
ch'ullullulluychik	Second person Plural
ñawillichun	Third person Singular
chutasqan	Third person Singular
samankunaman	None
huñiy	Second person Singular
ñanpa	None
ch'aphchanku	Third person Plural
qhinchachasqanki	Second person Singular
hant'arqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachahrakuychikchu	Second person Plural
khallkachikuni	First person Singular
llamkhasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawirinqa	Third person Singular
man	Third person Singular
unquyta	None
ruphanpura	None
illankukunapaq	None
allpanayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ashirqan	Third person Singular
puñuy	Second person Singular
amak'umuychikchu	Second person Plural
k'anchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atilcharqanki	Second person Singular
iqharqani	First person Singular
chinchanpi	None
lluqsisqan	Third person Singular
karruykulla	None
taripaq	None
watukuyninkukunapaq	None
phutisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awqanqaku	Third person Plural
hatunchachun	Third person Singular
sipiychik	Second person Plural
yalliy	Second person Singular
ñaqch'aykinnaq	None
ch'ullchurqanku	Third person Plural
maywasqanki	Second person Singular
ñit'iyninchik	None
wayrarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'ullchurqanki	Second person Singular
amakunaychikchu	Second person Plural
qallunkupaq	None
kullaychik	Second person Plural
apichakurqankichik	Second person Plural
amarampachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ichhurqanki	Second person Singular
asut'ini	First person Singular
lliphlliyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaaklluychikchu	Second person Plural
simi	None
hut'kuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qillqaykunakama	None
irqiyarqani	First person Singular
chawpin	None
chanrararasqani	First person Singular
qhichwamanta	None
paqarisqa	None
mañana	None
sarusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
paqarninkupura	None
qhapaqninchikkunalla	None
amach'awaychikchu	Second person Plural
urqukunap	None
wiñay	Second person Singular
yarqachun	Third person Singular
sat'iychik	Second person Plural
yuyanku	Third person Plural
siqsiykichiknintin	None
chalankunannaq	None
amasinchiyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
tukuchinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ismusqankichik	Second person Plural
kuti	None
mirana	None
mitk'aykichikkunap	None
amallulluchunkuchu	Third person Plural
k'anchaykichikkunawan	None
phawachun	Third person Singular
qharinchikkunanka	None
allipunakurqan	Third person Singular
amamichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
tutayanqa	Third person Singular
churichakurqankichik	Second person Plural
huñunakuy	Second person Singular
uparayku	None
urmanta	None
amatiqsiychikchu	Second person Plural
amañasqani	First person Singular
chayanpunku	Third person Plural
tika	None
maywasqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'akayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lliphllichun	Third person Singular
kuntinpi	None
punkisqankichik	Second person Plural
layqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
taytaykunnaq	None
yupakuna	None
yawnasqan	Third person Singular
wawakunata	None
chuhchannarqanku	Third person Plural
amasuk'aychikchu	Second person Plural
amakapuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
hampichun	Third person Singular
q'imisqani	First person Singular
rantikusqani	First person Singular
musquyniykumanta	None
suwasqanku	Third person Plural
p'ampachaychik	Second person Plural
uyariychik	Second person Plural
chiqchiykacharqan	Third person Singular
ispapakuy	Second person Singular
llamkarqanki	Second person Singular
pallquychik	Second person Plural
wantuy	Second person Singular
qapariyninchikkunamanta	None
maqakuchun	Third person Singular
rutuyninkunanka	None
huq'arisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
husk'anku	Third person Plural
amatuytuychikchu	Second person Plural
llaqwarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
intikuna	None
kusikunqaku	Third person Plural
taytap	None
chapinnanku	Third person Plural
p'akisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'aqaykichikkunamanta	None
amachapuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
paranchiklla	None
chakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
killapura	None
wasinkunata	None
aycharasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapuni	First person Singular
llakirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
milla	None
q'arani	First person Singular
uyanintin	None
hinaman	None
p'uyñuykukunakama	None
rantiyniykichikhina	None
purisqa	None
sunquman	None
haytarakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
millp'usunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sunqup	None
tusuq	None
kancharqanki	Second person Singular
haymayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kunununusqani	First person Singular
uruyaykunanka	None
ullpukurqanku	Third person Plural
yapusaq	First person Singular
qillqaqhawapani	First person Singular
ch'ipchiykichikmanta	None
hunt'ayniykichiklla	None
p'ampasqankichik	Second person Plural
yapuni	First person Singular
ayninta	None
ch'aqwanku	Third person Plural
chanqaykukurqanki	Second person Singular
ruphasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chutasqanku	Third person Plural
iskirqanki	Second person Singular
takusqan	Third person Singular
haytarakusqani	First person Singular
khipuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiriyachiychik	Second person Plural
kañisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yapasqanku	Third person Plural
ch'iqmichirqanku	Third person Plural
chawasqanki	Second person Singular
ispapi	None
hark'aypa	None
ninasqan	Third person Singular
hat'allinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pallaynwan	None
usachisqanki	Second person Singular
unirqani	First person Singular
akllanqaku	Third person Plural
mallanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amathuqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'isiyasqanku	Third person Plural
yapusqankichik	Second person Plural
challwaykukunarayku	None
rurunkunata	None
kinwaykikuna	None
apakamusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qhururqankichik	Second person Plural
aycharasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñit'irqani	First person Singular
ichichun	Third person Singular
t'impuynintin	None
hawch'asqanki	Second person Singular
rumiychik	Second person Plural
huch'uiyachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kumusqanki	Second person Singular
anschuykurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kañasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tuqtunchikkunanka	None
qillqaqhawapasqankichik	Second person Plural
wallpayniykuntin	None
awqanakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
simanaykukunaman	None
punkun	None
putiykichikkunalla	None
ch'uychunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qalla	None
puñurqankichik	Second person Plural
amaaysaysiychikchu	Second person Plural
takuykichik	None
ayqichinku	Third person Plural
amaullpukuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
amaantachachunchu	Third person Singular
tiyamusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atiykunawan	None
amawaqyachunchu	Third person Singular
amayawnaychikchu	Second person Plural
apakapuy	Second person Singular
ruruykikunapi	None
harawarqanki	Second person Singular
k'allampankukunanka	None
allayniykukunahina	None
qullqiykunarayku	None
hiq'ipanqa	Third person Singular
musphay	Second person Singular
yaqullasqan	Third person Singular
kutini	First person Singular
qallay	Second person Singular
ch'uhllasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apakapuchunku	Third person Plural
ch'uyanarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yanapani	First person Singular
amayarqaychu	Second person Singular
rikch'asqani	First person Singular
hunyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kasqankichik	Second person Plural
qawaykikunapaq	None
kachin	None
haywayniyhina	None
tarisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyupaq	None
kutiykichikkunapi	None
chukullikusqan	Third person Singular
harawisqanki	Second person Singular
ayqirqan	Third person Singular
hinachunku	Third person Plural
qillqaqhawaparqankichik	Second person Plural
ususiykama	None
mink'ankupi	None
liwru	None
khipukamayuqniykikunarayku	None
ayqisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayqichisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amathatkichunchu	Third person Singular
ñaqch'ani	First person Singular
wikch'urqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
watukuyninwan	None
phuyunqa	Third person Singular
hayratachiy	Second person Singular
chanqaykukurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pisquykunannaq	None
atipanakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rikch'asqankichik	Second person Plural
pallakunapi	None
chiqnikurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qaraykichikkunawan	None
mallasaq	First person Singular
manqa	Third person Singular
pukaraykichikninnaq	None
yupiykunannaq	None
yachayniykunantin	None
astakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qararqani	First person Singular
haratasqan	Third person Singular
wayrachinanchikmanta	None
hat'ansillarqan	Third person Singular
kanchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mitikurqanki	Second person Singular
sawarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wawanta	None
husk'asqani	First person Singular
q'apayniypura	None
achkachasqankichik	Second person Plural
qillqaqhawapanqa	Third person Singular
chinkachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
irpan	Third person Singular
saphisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apakapusqanki	Second person Singular
maqayniykikunapura	None
amaurachunchu	Third person Singular
maywan	Third person Singular
parlayninkukunapaq	None
chapuchun	Third person Singular
yawarpi	None
amaawñiychikchu	Second person Plural
tarisqa	None
ninayarqanku	Third person Plural
paranchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huchaykichikkunannaq	None
hanaqniykikunantin	None
qaqaykuntin	None
qullaykinnaq	None
chakannay	Second person Singular
huch'uiyachunku	Third person Plural
amaaycharaychikchu	Second person Plural
atipachikurqankichik	Second person Plural
hawch'asqanku	Third person Plural
amachanrararachunkuchu	Third person Plural
mitmasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hunp'inqa	Third person Singular
kichay	Second person Singular
kasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awñirqan	Third person Singular
ripusqanku	Third person Plural
paqtayninkumanta	None
t'aqsasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chantanku	Third person Plural
hat'allirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aynisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hant'arqan	Third person Singular
unqusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
unquymanta	None
p'itiy	Second person Singular
huhllaychik	Second person Plural
apakamusaq	First person Singular
amahunt'achunkuchu	Third person Plural
chumpinqaku	Third person Plural
paqtasqani	First person Singular
ichhuykunawan	None
anschiykachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
alqaykupi	None
phaqsasqankichik	Second person Plural
llullunqaku	Third person Plural
ayllunakun	Third person Singular
pukllaykunapi	None
huñuysirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wikch'usqankichik	Second person Plural
amasupichunchu	Third person Singular
añirqan	Third person Singular
kanayniykukunantin	None
chapinnay	Second person Singular
nanarqan	Third person Singular
machayninintin	None
susunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allipunakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yupayta	None
machayniyrayku	None
aklla	None
chimpachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'isiyachunchu	Third person Singular
llimphiy	Second person Singular
t'impurqanki	Second person Singular
qillqaqhawapasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kawsayta	None
suyakuynkupi	None
illapayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
uyarisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachahraysichunchu	Third person Singular
llaqtakunamanta	None
phinkinqaku	Third person Plural
chayakamunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rurukunata	None
amainqhiykachaychu	Second person Singular
ayqirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yanaparqanki	Second person Singular
yachakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'usasqani	First person Singular
llamkhasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asllayachirqani	First person Singular
ch'away	Second person Singular
apakapurqan	Third person Singular
p'achakunanka	None
wakilla	None
hawkayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
irqiyaychik	Second person Plural
ñawiriychik	Second person Plural
uturunkukunata	None
achalakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rakiy	None
tukurqankichik	Second person Plural
amamallaychu	Second person Singular
ch'uhtarqanki	Second person Singular
suyakuykunantin	None
amamaskhaychikchu	Second person Plural
anschiykacharqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'iqananqaku	Third person Plural
huch'uiyarqani	First person Singular
wayllunkumanta	None
astakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iqhasqan	Third person Singular
atilchay	Second person Singular
qillqanqa	Third person Singular
wach'iyninkukuna	None
amakusikuychikchu	Second person Plural
unquypi	None
kuntinintin	None
sipisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawincharqan	Third person Singular
ninasqanku	Third person Plural
ñaqch'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kachay	Second person Singular
qhapaqkuna	None
tupaq	None
rantisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
musqusqanki	Second person Singular
p'akikuna	None
rurusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chahcharqankichik	Second person Plural
iqhasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
arphayasqanku	Third person Plural
amachuriyaychu	Second person Singular
yupaychasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atiynin	None
chumpi	None
pirqayman	None
kutichisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allquchaykipi	None
amachanqa	Third person Singular
ruphasqankichik	Second person Plural
hip'irqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asnayniykukunantin	None
iñiq	None
ñispa	None
wawqinpa	None
wampuykukama	None
tiqsichunku	Third person Plural
amahunt'achichunkuchu	Third person Plural
uyarqanku	Third person Plural
ch'achuy	Second person Singular
chapatiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pampakunanka	None
apamurqanki	Second person Singular
akllusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rurusqani	First person Singular
amapurichunkuchu	Third person Plural
akllusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hamuq	None
amasirachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'askachawniykukunap	None
ayllupaq	None
chapukusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pisi	None
rumiykichikkunanka	None
k'umusqan	Third person Singular
taskinkukunamanta	None
phaqsay	Second person Singular
chikacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amapawaychu	Second person Singular
yanapana	None
usachirqan	Third person Singular
amahunt'apuchunchu	Third person Singular
amaayniychu	Second person Singular
waylluychik	Second person Plural
amat'ikraychikchu	Second person Plural
puqurqankichik	Second person Plural
kanku	Third person Plural
yupirayku	None
kunununusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñunakurqankichik	Second person Plural
amaqallarichunchu	Third person Singular
kachuna	None
chanqarqani	First person Singular
qallarqan	Third person Singular
uturunkunintin	None
paqarisqani	First person Singular
ruq'anchikninnaq	None
amaallpachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
inkill	None
unuykuntin	None
hap'isqani	First person Singular
pusaq	None
uynirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
layqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayninchikkunantin	None
watukusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
watan	Third person Singular
tapuy	Second person Singular
challwarqanku	Third person Plural
chukullikurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wañuykukuna	None
pitusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
upallaykukunapaq	None
tutayarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amarimaychikchu	Second person Plural
allipanakurqanku	Third person Plural
warkunku	Third person Plural
atikasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
k'umunqaku	Third person Plural
inqhiykachanku	Third person Plural
chantan	Third person Singular
sarunqa	Third person Singular
q'imikurqani	First person Singular
kutasqan	Third person Singular
yarqayninkupaq	None
paqtaykunaman	None
suysunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakutichichunchu	Third person Singular
supisqan	Third person Singular
yapanchikkuna	None
yanayniykichikkama	None
awqanakunku	Third person Plural
musphachun	Third person Singular
punkunkukunamanta	None
sukakunata	None
chawpichasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aspisqanku	Third person Plural
yañaykinka	None
qhawasqa	None
llaqwayninkukunapaq	None
apamusqankichik	Second person Plural
inturqanki	Second person Singular
qallariyninpi	None
sinchiyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sinq'asqanki	Second person Singular
churichakusqanku	Third person Plural
yarqayniykinnaq	None
anschuykunakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pirqasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'uruykipura	None
kayta	None
sipinqa	Third person Singular
yupan	None
pukyurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llulmini	First person Singular
pirwarqan	Third person Singular
awqani	First person Singular
kunayniykulla	None
asnaq	None
watuyninkunawan	None
takiykihina	None
wantunqa	Third person Singular
takiyniykichikkunap	None
payllaykulla	None
hak'ucharqanki	Second person Singular
tantakunakama	None
pukllanqaku	Third person Plural
chaskiykusqanku	Third person Plural
pachamanta	None
chinruykachisqankichik	Second person Plural
llamk'arqani	First person Singular
amawich'qaychikchu	Second person Plural
pukyusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'atan	Third person Singular
yanarqani	First person Singular
uturunkunpura	None
achurarqankichik	Second person Plural
askhayachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
marq'ayki	None
suyakuyykikama	None
qinchasqankichik	Second person Plural
achalakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
riqsinku	Third person Plural
supaywan	None
amaaqtuychu	Second person Singular
allpayachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hap'irqan	Third person Singular
sumayniykikunawan	None
amayanuchunchu	Third person Singular
mirasqan	Third person Singular
rikurisqanku	Third person Plural
millasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawinchanqa	Third person Singular
hunp'irqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sutinkunata	None
amatutayachunchu	Third person Singular
watayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
anchaykacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'iwiyniykunaman	None
khallkisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayllunakuy	Second person Singular
kañin	Third person Singular
lliphiy	Second person Singular
chinkakapuychik	Second person Plural
ashisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pallaspa	None
wamp'uynininka	None
llanthunkama	None
amahuq'uchachunchu	Third person Singular
hampina	None
musquchachunku	Third person Plural
unqunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chihllusqanku	Third person Plural
sat'ichunku	Third person Plural
hat'allinku	Third person Plural
akllakunapura	None
hunp'isqanku	Third person Plural
pukyurqankichik	Second person Plural
mitmakunamanta	None
amapukarachunkuchu	Third person Plural
apanquraykupi	None
rikch'ayniykikunakama	None
waqtankuta	None
chamqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apakapuni	First person Singular
qillqanankuna	None
arqhiparqan	Third person Singular
kanchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amayanaychikchu	Second person Plural
wanasaq	First person Singular
hut'uyasqan	Third person Singular
yanuq	None
amakusiychu	Second person Singular
pirqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanrararasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thuparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ullantayta	None
ch'umay	Second person Singular
suyakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amasuwaychu	Second person Singular
harchiyasqani	First person Singular
harchiyachunku	Third person Plural
asuykun	Third person Singular
pirqankunakama	None
ayqiyniykichikninnaq	None
wak'anchikwan	None
munasqankichik	Second person Plural
umankukunapi	None
punkisqanku	Third person Plural
mink'aykunapura	None
allpanarqankichik	Second person Plural
hich'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutasqani	First person Singular
anchaykacharqanku	Third person Plural
tantasqanki	Second person Singular
hik'ipakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
challpunqaku	Third person Plural
amunkulla	None
paqariy	Second person Singular
khachunqa	Third person Singular
achalachisaq	First person Singular
siqsinqa	Third person Singular
allwini	First person Singular
quyllurninrayku	None
utqaychay	Second person Singular
akllawan	None
yaqullaychik	Second person Plural
chakachikusqanki	Second person Singular
ankallikunqa	Third person Singular
chantasqanku	Third person Plural
wach'ichunku	Third person Plural
chawpichasqan	Third person Singular
amachakannaychikchu	Second person Plural
putin	None
anschuykusaq	First person Singular
amaarmakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
qaramanta	None
ch'achurqan	Third person Singular
mitikusqanku	Third person Plural
intichawninchikhina	None
waqtamanta	None
taripasqa	None
alqankupaq	None
amaripuychikchu	Second person Plural
t'aqsarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uqchunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allquchakunqaku	Third person Plural
apatatasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anschiykachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thasnusqani	First person Singular
musquyninkunawan	None
amachapachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'iqanay	Second person Singular
qillichun	Third person Singular
suti	None
harawiykikunata	None
churpunqa	Third person Singular
awsarqanki	Second person Singular
qillqana	None
wanasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqaykurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'aphranaychikchu	Second person Plural
yurisqa	None
ch'ipuy	Second person Singular
suruqch'iykichikkunapaq	None
aynirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'umunku	Third person Plural
yanuychik	Second person Plural
lluqsisqankichik	Second person Plural
Dyusninlla	None
tikankunap	None
suyakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachaskiykuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
qillqaspa	None
hak'uchachun	Third person Singular
ñawiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ankallikusaq	First person Singular
qaran	Third person Singular
amachapukuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
huch'uiyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chaskin	Third person Singular
amaakllaychikchu	Second person Plural
samayninchikkunannaq	None
t'urpuy	Second person Singular
amaqallaychikchu	Second person Plural
achurasqanki	Second person Singular
hap'isqanki	Second person Singular
musquchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tupanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
uya	None
iskaycharqan	Third person Singular
ch'uhllasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chikchirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruraspa	None
khallkisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allincharqani	First person Singular
amachayniykimanta	None
amaichhuchunchu	Third person Singular
amallik'iychikchu	Second person Plural
chayanqa	Third person Singular
unquyniykikunap	None
t'impuychik	Second person Plural
awanankunka	None
kaypa	None
arawasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
uywakunap	None
yaykunku	Third person Plural
awqanku	Third person Plural
ukhun	None
anchachasqankichik	Second person Plural
thuqachunku	Third person Plural
yupaychayniykichikkuna	None
munasqa	None
apaq	None
anschuykunakusqankichik	Second person Plural
chamqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amahuñiychikchu	Second person Plural
achalachichun	Third person Singular
chapakurqan	Third person Singular
amawt'aykichikninka	None
kachiylla	None
takanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
intichaw	None
wallpasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llikllankukunanka	None
nisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amamuch'aychu	Second person Singular
kutinchikkunapaq	None
ch'akayasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pituchun	Third person Singular
tukusqa	None
amaq'araychu	Second person Singular
amachanku	Third person Plural
illanchikkunapura	None
watukurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
waqyaykunamanta	None
amaaqhayachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chinruykachisaq	First person Singular
paña	None
Dyusninkuhina	None
chimpasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawinchasqani	First person Singular
asnayninchikkunapura	None
chinkachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qishyarqan	Third person Singular
amach'akichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
marq'ayninkukunakama	None
qullpa	None
wakinpa	None
phiñanchikmanta	None
q'ipiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llik'iy	Second person Singular
apakapuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thasnuna	None
amasuq'uchunkuchu	Third person Plural
mitmayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaiskaychaychikchu	Second person Plural
uynikun	Third person Singular
qurqani	First person Singular
suyakuychik	Second person Plural
amachiqachakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
t'impuyninkukunamanta	None
amañichunchu	Third person Singular
pitunkuman	None
ch'uhllarqanku	Third person Plural
phawachunku	Third person Plural
yaykurqanki	Second person Singular
chimpachinku	Third person Plural
kurakaykunapi	None
yachakurqanki	Second person Singular
amapukllachunchu	Third person Singular
tapunqaku	Third person Plural
ch'aphcharqan	Third person Singular
charisqankichik	Second person Plural
asirqani	First person Singular
huqariy	Second person Singular
nisqani	First person Singular
suwasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sisachunku	Third person Plural
tiqsiy	Second person Singular
ayphayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawraykichikhina	None
mikhurqanki	Second person Singular
amahawichunkuchu	Third person Plural
llamkhanqaku	Third person Plural
yaykusqanku	Third person Plural
wach'isqanki	Second person Singular
alawchani	First person Singular
saksayniykikunannaq	None
awannasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
halarqankichik	Second person Plural
yunkaykumanta	None
intinchikrayku	None
illaman	None
sayaq	None
kutipakun	Third person Singular
q'aray	Second person Singular
utqayninmanta	None
p'ampaykunnaq	None
chimpachisqa	None
llanthunkukunanka	None
chawpinpi	None
mit'ankukunawan	None
ñinqaku	Third person Plural
utqarqankichik	Second person Plural
khallkachikusaq	First person Singular
aqhayarqankichik	Second person Plural
amat'ituychu	Second person Singular
amahanpuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
amakhuyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
iskayyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapichunku	Third person Plural
apatatasqan	Third person Singular
chayanpurqankichik	Second person Plural
challpurqankichik	Second person Plural
chanrarararqani	First person Singular
hayt'aymanta	None
chayakamuchunku	Third person Plural
ayniy	Second person Singular
t'impurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
taskinman	None
chakurqani	First person Singular
uniq	None
yanuchunku	Third person Plural
machasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wananqa	Third person Singular
ch'ipuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiqchiykachanku	Third person Plural
amach'arqayachunchu	Third person Singular
muyunkunap	None
ruk'unchikkunantin	None
llakiyki	None
urmasqanki	Second person Singular
tantasqankichik	Second person Plural
sallanman	None
amaqurichichunchu	Third person Singular
chakatani	First person Singular
ayllunakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kachinchikkunaman	None
wakchaykikunapaq	None
llallisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
antinkunantin	None
allquchankukuna	None
aynirqani	First person Singular
llasani	First person Singular
arawasqankichik	Second person Plural
ayni	None
kulliyarqanki	Second person Singular
iskaychasqanku	Third person Plural
uyarina	None
pisiykikunantin	None
yarpasqanki	Second person Singular
puchkasqani	First person Singular
phawaykachan	Third person Singular
uyarispa	None
amuyarqankichik	Second person Plural
puchkayninkunata	None
yachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
uray	Second person Singular
wawakunamanta	None
hurqurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amatiksichunchu	Third person Singular
wanusaq	First person Singular
amayachakuychu	Second person Singular
qhinchaykukunahina	None
layqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yallichunku	Third person Plural
yuriyniykuman	None
qispichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'aparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachasaq	First person Singular
takunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ruphayta	None
killachawkunapi	None
ayniypa	None
tiqsirqanku	Third person Plural
anchaykacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachapatiyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amatipiychu	Second person Singular
illarqan	Third person Singular
ch'arkin	Third person Singular
allichisqan	Third person Singular
tantayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhinchaykikunalla	None
qillqanku	Third person Plural
ashinqaku	Third person Plural
amaallachunkuchu	Third person Plural
layqakunata	None
parani	First person Singular
wayranqa	Third person Singular
chaskispa	None
qishyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñiykunamanta	None
chanincharqankichik	Second person Plural
chuhchusqan	Third person Singular
ullpukurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tiyasaq	First person Singular
hallmasqan	Third person Singular
phaqsaykunantin	None
unuykukunalla	None
ayqichirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suysuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atipanakuy	Second person Singular
chuhchannasqan	Third person Singular
amawikch'uchunkuchu	Third person Plural
sayarisqan	Third person Singular
hut'uyasqankichik	Second person Plural
awasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
takinchikpaq	None
sansaykichikpaq	None
ch'iwkachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kutasqa	None
phuyusqan	Third person Singular
qaqa	None
amasuysuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
chancharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yanapay	Second person Singular
chikachasqankichik	Second person Plural
amaallpanachunkuchu	Third person Plural
paqtan	Third person Singular
michisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chikachasqan	Third person Singular
ayqiykuwan	None
ch'asparqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'umasqanki	Second person Singular
liwrupi	None
haywakachachun	Third person Singular
yuyanqaku	Third person Plural
chuqay	Second person Singular
susurqani	First person Singular
chakacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaharwichunchu	Third person Singular
amasayarichunkuchu	Third person Plural
wanturqanki	Second person Singular
apaykuychik	Second person Plural
ch'aqlasqan	Third person Singular
amaasuychu	Second person Singular
taka	None
ripuwlikankuwan	None
mink'akunaman	None
tupuypi	None
aylluchakusaq	First person Singular
amaphukuychu	Second person Singular
iskisqani	First person Singular
chuhchannasqanku	Third person Plural
qhuruchunku	Third person Plural
anschurichisqankichik	Second person Plural
wanasqan	Third person Singular
ch'arqayachun	Third person Singular
chawpicharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
much'ankukuna	None
qhinchachanqa	Third person Singular
llaqtan	None
pukllaypi	None
millp'uni	First person Singular
marq'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huqarisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hinasqanku	Third person Plural
qatisqanki	Second person Singular
pakasqankichik	Second person Plural
wañusaq	First person Singular
suwanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pichayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutichiy	Second person Singular
amaqispichunkuchu	Third person Plural
llaqwaykunap	None
t'itunqa	Third person Singular
wallpanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hiq'ipasqanku	Third person Plural
much'aykintin	None
qataykichikkunakama	None
amahaywarichunchu	Third person Singular
riqsisqan	Third person Singular
khuchip	None
chuku	None
ch'askachawniykumanta	None
rumisaq	First person Singular
malliman	None
chaskinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aywachun	Third person Singular
pirwasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rikun	Third person Singular
sayayniykukunapaq	None
arawarqankichik	Second person Plural
añinku	Third person Plural
añaycharqankichik	Second person Plural
q'imiykipi	None
supayniykichikkama	None
sat'iyniykukunamanta	None
anchachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
taqtayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mayllaychik	Second person Plural
churin	None
yupa	None
waqachina	None
chulluchisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakapurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chahraysichunku	Third person Plural
haywakachaychik	Second person Plural
rantiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chahrachani	First person Singular
arawachunku	Third person Plural
allpayachiychik	Second person Plural
amaanschuriychikchu	Second person Plural
amahak'uchachunchu	Third person Singular
asllayachisaq	First person Singular
ayqinku	Third person Plural
amachinruykachiychikchu	Second person Plural
askhayachinqa	Third person Singular
hayratachirqanki	Second person Singular
hik'ipakuychik	Second person Plural
sisamanta	None
parlayninchikkunapaq	None
wañuyninkama	None
sisaykita	None
takinkuwan	None
thuñikunantin	None
qatankuta	None
ñawinchasqan	Third person Singular
wawqiykikuna	None
hallp'in	Third person Singular
ch'uqchusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
kanayniykikunata	None
anschuykuychik	Second person Plural
musquchun	Third person Singular
asnachun	Third person Singular
q'ipisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sumay	Second person Singular
qispiyniykukunaman	None
yurakunapi	None
t'ikrarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wañuyta	None
chullurqani	First person Singular
amauyachunchu	Third person Singular
anqusanqa	Third person Singular
yuyasqan	Third person Singular
amahut'uyachunchu	Third person Singular
puquyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atipachikunqa	Third person Singular
ayllu	None
amawatuychikchu	Second person Plural
hip'iyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
waturqani	First person Singular
aklluykachanqa	Third person Singular
llaqtata	None
sisasqani	First person Singular
amakallchachunchu	Third person Singular
q'apichunku	Third person Plural
wach'iyninkunarayku	None
unquyninkunamanta	None
muchuni	First person Singular
kunayninkukunahina	None
uranku	Third person Plural
alawchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
imankunawan	None
ch'uyayachirqan	Third person Singular
chiqchiykachasqanki	Second person Singular
simp'anqaku	Third person Plural
sususunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tamyaykunalla	None
qunqani	First person Singular
chapasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qararqan	Third person Singular
asiyniykunannaq	None
rimay	Second person Singular
wayllunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aklluykachasqan	Third person Singular
hap'isqan	Third person Singular
kallpayninpaq	None
chantasqankichik	Second person Plural
haratasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'ipchinkukama	None
phuyuykurayku	None
allquchakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awqanakuchun	Third person Singular
yaykunqa	Third person Singular
harawiykunalla	None
challwasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakachikurqanku	Third person Plural
achhirqanku	Third person Plural
aywanqa	Third person Singular
mutkhirqan	Third person Singular
yuyayniykukunapaq	None
ñin	Third person Singular
ayqirqanku	Third person Plural
hawiyniykukunamanta	None
watukusqanku	Third person Plural
qatisqani	First person Singular
maywarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rikuchiq	None
wayranqaku	Third person Plural
waqayniykikunannaq	None
ch'atanqa	Third person Singular
lluqsisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuñinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachutachunchu	Third person Singular
hunt'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
musphasaq	First person Singular
masiy	None
purunninchikkama	None
ichiq	None
yachasqa	None
chaskiykuchunku	Third person Plural
amallulluchunchu	Third person Singular
pisipayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yuriykama	None
tiqsirqankichik	Second person Plural
amahat'alliychikchu	Second person Plural
muchurqan	Third person Singular
ch'aqchusqanku	Third person Plural
anschiykachachunku	Third person Plural
thatkiykukunamanta	None
hamunqa	Third person Singular
kutanqaku	Third person Plural
machayninkunata	None
hant'arqani	First person Singular
runan	None
mitmayniykichiknintin	None
ikmayanku	Third person Plural
amach'ipuychu	Second person Singular
risqani	First person Singular
qinchasqanki	Second person Singular
hawkasqani	First person Singular
alayrichinqa	Third person Singular
achhisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yapasqa	None
pallaynkunarayku	None
challwanchikkama	None
ch'ullchusqanku	Third person Plural
pantayniykirayku	None
unquq	None
maywachun	Third person Singular
allqunkumanta	None
pantarqanki	Second person Singular
sat'isunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atispa	None
mikhusqan	Third person Singular
tusuykuna	None
ankallikurqan	Third person Singular
allinyachisqanki	Second person Singular
sukhaykichikkunawan	None
ch'uhtanarqankichik	Second person Plural
saphinkulla	None
maqanakuq	None
suyusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
bahasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amayapuchunchu	Third person Singular
alqankupura	None
awkinkukunapaq	None
askhayachinqaku	Third person Plural
illa	None
suk'anqa	Third person Singular
rirpunchikkunawan	None
p'akirqani	First person Singular
amaninayachunkuchu	Third person Plural
allinyarqanki	Second person Singular
qasani	First person Singular
qhichwawan	None
pampachachunku	Third person Plural
p'akiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pallasqan	Third person Singular
ñañaykunawan	None
tipinkukunahina	None
ñawraykuna	None
amachana	None
amarutuchunchu	Third person Singular
wiñasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qullparqanku	Third person Plural
chantasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achisqan	Third person Singular
llamkanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'iwikunamanta	None
ruraqniyhina	None
amamitk'achunchu	Third person Singular
p'uchqunku	Third person Plural
chahraysisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chichuyarqanku	Third person Plural
qullqinkukunawan	None
qallarirqankichik	Second person Plural
llaqwaqniykukunapi	None
achirqan	Third person Singular
ichhuchun	Third person Singular
wichachunku	Third person Plural
phutiyniykuna	None
qalluykulla	None
wak'ankumanta	None
suq'usqani	First person Singular
ukhuman	None
aykhuchun	Third person Singular
kanayniykukunaman	None
t'ipisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awqankunka	None
anschuykunqa	Third person Singular
hik'isunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amay	None
ñawillisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
susuy	Second person Singular
kañaspa	None
amaayqiychu	Second person Singular
uyanku	Third person Plural
amapuriychikchu	Second person Plural
qillqay	Second person Singular
ñukñuykama	None
musquchaychik	Second person Plural
amach'uyayachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
chapakuchunku	Third person Plural
ch'akayasqan	Third person Singular
kunayniykunannaq	None
asnasaq	First person Singular
purisqan	Third person Singular
hunt'asqanki	Second person Singular
armakunku	Third person Plural
kunkapaq	None
tiyan	Third person Singular
kunkaykipa	None
suyunpi	None
qillqakunarayku	None
saqisqanki	Second person Singular
llullaykukunannaq	None
tanqanqaku	Third person Plural
thuñisaq	First person Singular
utqayniykichikkunalla	None
aparqankichik	Second person Plural
tusuni	First person Singular
t'ituykichikkuna	None
amachapichunchu	Third person Singular
asipayarqanki	Second person Singular
uyariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huchachakuchun	Third person Singular
ruturqanki	Second person Singular
chapakunku	Third person Plural
ruraq	None
t'urpusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amañanku	Third person Plural
chinkaykuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pichasqanki	Second person Singular
uhurqanku	Third person Plural
wachan	Third person Singular
qharip	None
samasqan	Third person Singular
hant'arqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phiñasqani	First person Singular
kunununurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
puñunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iskayyachunku	Third person Plural
yarqayninchiklla	None
nirqanku	Third person Plural
iskayyasqani	First person Singular
pukllayninwan	None
hanpuchun	Third person Singular
amaawannaychikchu	Second person Plural
t'aqankukunapaq	None
llaqwaqninchikpa	None
tukuy	Second person Singular
qhinchachay	Second person Singular
ch'uhtachunku	Third person Plural
chirararqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyuman	None
amañawinchaychikchu	Second person Plural
llasaq	None
ayqiyninmanta	None
pakan	Third person Singular
hank'ayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wayt'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
k'anchasqanki	Second person Singular
uruya	None
paqarniykikuna	None
antikunap	None
hawkasaq	First person Singular
uyasqankichik	Second person Plural
atipanakuchun	Third person Singular
maki	None
chirinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wampunrayku	None
amachayniykichikpi	None
amapawaychikchu	Second person Plural
ñawirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chuhchannani	First person Singular
chinchaymanta	None
amaapichakuychikchu	Second person Plural
tuytunqa	Third person Singular
ukhupi	None
riqsinqa	Third person Singular
yanasqanku	Third person Plural
yarqurqani	First person Singular
llamk'aychik	Second person Plural
pawarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
riyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
maman	None
phiñasqanki	Second person Singular
umata	None
chutarqan	Third person Singular
millp'urqankichik	Second person Plural
q'ipisqani	First person Singular
haymarqanku	Third person Plural
amachakachaychikchu	Second person Plural
ayniyninchikninka	None
rantiyniykipura	None
arphayarqanku	Third person Plural
charisqanki	Second person Singular
asipayarqani	First person Singular
kutanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kapurqan	Third person Singular
ch'isiyarqani	First person Singular
aynip	None
puquy	Second person Singular
waqachiq	None
upallarqankichik	Second person Plural
uyanchiknintin	None
aywanku	Third person Plural
ramparqankichik	Second person Plural
amach'iqtachunkuchu	Third person Plural
yananku	Third person Plural
pirqarqanku	Third person Plural
anqilniykita	None
ispapakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hiq'iparqanki	Second person Singular
chaskirqan	Third person Singular
chulluchisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kallchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkachinku	Third person Plural
kutiy	Second person Singular
kawsayniykichikpura	None
ñawin	Third person Singular
awarqankichik	Second person Plural
quyllurchawkunahina	None
millanku	Third person Plural
amakhachuchunchu	Third person Singular
qarasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suysurqanki	Second person Singular
amaallinyachiychu	Second person Singular
awaq	None
unuykunamanta	None
suk'asqankichik	Second person Plural
chawpinta	None
qallanka	None
musphayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
watuyniyninka	None
achalasqani	First person Singular
mikhunata	None
uyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'iqtanqa	Third person Singular
achisqanki	Second person Singular
amanichunkuchu	Third person Plural
harwin	Third person Singular
muyupi	None
ñawpan	None
puqunku	Third person Plural
wanasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
layqankukunalla	None
yawarniykuntin	None
qarankukunarayku	None
amaanchachachunchu	Third person Singular
willachun	Third person Singular
awana	None
t'impunqa	Third person Singular
ayllukunapi	None
ñawrankumanta	None
wayrawan	None
masintin	None
umalliy	None
miray	Second person Singular
simp'arqankichik	Second person Plural
hallparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ninayayniykichikrayku	None
pantaykichikninka	None
uyarisqanki	Second person Singular
kayninkuna	None
qillqaqhawapayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
musquchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawinqaku	Third person Plural
churpuni	First person Singular
allinyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qaparirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'akisqanku	Third person Plural
chapatiyarqanki	Second person Singular
haytarakurqankichik	Second person Plural
k'allampaykichikkunalla	None
Dyuspa	None
llaqwayniykukunamanta	None
chullunku	Third person Plural
rikch'ayniykunawan	None
tusuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
intusqanku	Third person Plural
yañarqanku	Third person Plural
amayarquychu	Second person Singular
hayt'anqaku	Third person Plural
yuriyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kawsarqanku	Third person Plural
tampu	None
wikch'usqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
upallachun	Third person Singular
suniykichikkunannaq	None
amaasipayachunchu	Third person Singular
sawasaq	First person Singular
unukama	None
wayrayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yanaparqani	First person Singular
sayanqaku	Third person Plural
kacharqanki	Second person Singular
ch'aranchasqani	First person Singular
mink'anqa	Third person Singular
chirirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rikuriyniykichikkunanka	None
qillqachunku	Third person Plural
phutiychik	Second person Plural
kullarqanki	Second person Singular
raphin	None
anchacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkaykusqani	First person Singular
ullpukurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'iqichirqanku	Third person Plural
yachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pikchu	None
chiqaykunapura	None
yapun	Third person Singular
suwarqanki	Second person Singular
t'impuy	Second person Singular
suyakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chimpachirqani	First person Singular
amachiqnikuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
suyani	First person Singular
allinyachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phuruyku	None
hanuk'arqanku	Third person Plural
urarqankichik	Second person Plural
wach'ichun	Third person Singular
sisa	None
phaqsanku	Third person Plural
wamranchikninka	None
hayratachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kinwapi	None
simp'ay	Second person Singular
kusikunku	Third person Plural
achikyasqani	First person Singular
irparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayniyniykichikkunannaq	None
chawasqankichik	Second person Plural
chanrararasaq	First person Singular
suyukuna	None
qarasqanki	Second person Singular
rurukunap	None
hut'uyarqanku	Third person Plural
akllaspa	None
uhunchikkunaman	None
hunt'arqani	First person Singular
t'ustunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pach'a	None
yachachinku	Third person Plural
allinchasqanku	Third person Plural
challwarqani	First person Singular
tuparqan	Third person Singular
achurasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
akllasqanku	Third person Plural
mutkhisaq	First person Singular
añaynichisqa	None
ch'uqchun	Third person Singular
ullpukuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamitk'aychikchu	Second person Plural
hunyasqani	First person Singular
tanqan	Third person Singular
maskhanqaku	Third person Plural
wamp'unrayku	None
rimachichun	Third person Singular
ruranchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yaykuchunku	Third person Plural
amach'uyayachiychu	Second person Singular
kuchuq	None
yawarmanta	None
muyunchikpa	None
hinan	Third person Singular
rikuspa	None
p'uchquyninkunalla	None
amalluqsichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amahallpachunchu	Third person Singular
inqhiykacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yawnarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achkachan	Third person Singular
churichakusqan	Third person Singular
hak'unwan	None
chiqachakusaq	First person Singular
hawkay	Second person Singular
anschurichirqankichik	Second person Plural
suysuchunku	Third person Plural
qusqan	Third person Singular
amaqallariychu	Second person Singular
allipunakun	Third person Singular
akllarqani	First person Singular
husk'an	Third person Singular
saksayninkuna	None
anqusasqani	First person Singular
ch'ullchusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hik'iychik	Second person Plural
chakwasninmanta	None
wantusqanku	Third person Plural
t'antakunata	None
hark'ayninkunka	None
chiqankupaq	None
liwrumanta	None
runakunamanta	None
armarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tusurqani	First person Singular
mitmanqa	Third person Singular
kachusqanki	Second person Singular
k'uychichawniykichikkunaman	None
aykhusqankichik	Second person Plural
utqaychanqaku	Third person Plural
chakatarqani	First person Singular
awñirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atiq	None
llakisqanku	Third person Plural
wanakuykuhina	None
amachiqaqchachunchu	Third person Singular
yayan	None
k'umusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakuyuychikchu	Second person Plural
sansa	None
llamp'usqankichik	Second person Plural
anschurichinqaku	Third person Plural
amatakaychikchu	Second person Plural
p'uchquyninchikninnaq	None
rawray	Second person Singular
ispayniypi	None
amahuq'ariychu	Second person Singular
ruranqaku	Third person Plural
much'aykama	None
q'ipiykikama	None
ninayarqani	First person Singular
rikuna	None
chinkaykita	None
achkachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'aqchusqanki	Second person Singular
churarqan	Third person Singular
rantispa	None
hark'ayninkupa	None
chullusqa	None
amallalliychu	Second person Singular
aysaysisqanki	Second person Singular
takanqaku	Third person Plural
chanrarararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mallayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pitusqan	Third person Singular
khuyani	First person Singular
amairpaychu	Second person Singular
khallkachikuy	Second person Singular
amachayamuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
hich'an	Third person Singular
amahuñuysichunchu	Third person Singular
tikaykuta	None
añikuy	Second person Singular
arqhiparqani	First person Singular
kullani	First person Singular
suyayninchikkunarayku	None
allquyrayku	None
haywakacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mamamanta	None
paqtayniykichikkunannaq	None
amak'anchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
thatkirqanku	Third person Plural
ñankunapi	None
churiyku	None
chanqachunku	Third person Plural
ninqaku	Third person Plural
ch'usasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pallawan	None
kinwankunanka	None
atipanakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachaykuna	None
chinchaykilla	None
qispiy	Second person Singular
unquypaq	None
apasqa	None
kutipakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sirirqankichik	Second person Plural
amayupaychachunkuchu	Third person Plural
antinpi	None
kachunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pantasqa	None
willani	First person Singular
sukaykichik	None
llamkan	Third person Singular
taqtasqanki	Second person Singular
ñit'irqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'aqsan	Third person Singular
allpamanta	None
phutirqanku	Third person Plural
qapariychik	Second person Plural
qhurusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
quwi	None
unquyninkama	None
wasiykichikhina	None
aylluchakurqani	First person Singular
anschurichinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tanqarqani	First person Singular
wanachunku	Third person Plural
utqan	Third person Singular
ch'ipchinqa	Third person Singular
yawnasqanku	Third person Plural
khallkiychik	Second person Plural
awankasqani	First person Singular
watukurqan	Third person Singular
amahunt'apuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
much'arqanki	Second person Singular
pirqata	None
chiqachakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutisqan	Third person Singular
much'arqan	Third person Singular
chanqaychik	Second person Plural
ch'aqway	Second person Singular
rantisqani	First person Singular
churakuy	Second person Singular
qurimanta	None
ch'aranchanku	Third person Plural
rutuchunku	Third person Plural
sarurqan	Third person Singular
pirwankukunakama	None
riqsiyninkuta	None
yurisqanku	Third person Plural
ch'iqanasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaphutichunkuchu	Third person Plural
waskayrayku	None
akllana	None
sapaykichikwan	None
ch'arkinkulla	None
amachanqaykukuchunchu	Third person Singular
qatiq	None
amayachaychikchu	Second person Plural
t'ipiykunannaq	None
wanuchunku	Third person Plural
pikchunninnaq	None
hant'arqarqanki	Second person Singular
llalliychik	Second person Plural
qaraykikunahina	None
suyayniykupi	None
amarumiychu	Second person Singular
suyunkunapi	None
yachanku	Third person Plural
rumisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'allasqani	First person Singular
kutipakusqanki	Second person Singular
ayrampu	None
qusqa	None
qinchasaq	First person Singular
astakun	Third person Singular
allinyachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llamkanku	Third person Plural
qillqan	Third person Singular
saqinku	Third person Plural
hayllisaq	First person Singular
hik'ichun	Third person Singular
anqilniykuman	None
chiriyachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muspharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allinyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
k'uychichawninkukama	None
urarqanku	Third person Plural
hanyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hunt'arqanki	Second person Singular
aynin	Third person Singular
apamurqankichik	Second person Plural
raphikuna	None
hanyarqankichik	Second person Plural
thatkisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kaykuna	None
punkuta	None
pararqanku	Third person Plural
amaawñichunchu	Third person Singular
churiyasqani	First person Singular
tampunka	None
haratarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qispirqankichik	Second person Plural
qispichin	Third person Singular
may	Second person Singular
ñit'ini	First person Singular
mani	First person Singular
kallchasqanki	Second person Singular
kanqa	Third person Singular
takayninkunantin	None
watukuyninchikrayku	None
mallaychik	Second person Plural
millayniykunalla	None
pukllaykuna	None
apaykusaq	First person Singular
allpanasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
susunqa	Third person Singular
simin	None
amathantachunchu	Third person Singular
haywarirqan	Third person Singular
kayninchikkunapaq	None
pirqakunanka	None
hark'ayniy	None
yachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kusiylla	None
amapukyuychikchu	Second person Plural
awñisqan	Third person Singular
tapurqani	First person Singular
achkachanqaku	Third person Plural
chawanqa	Third person Singular
t'aqsarqani	First person Singular
husk'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuhchannarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awqasqanki	Second person Singular
willkachunku	Third person Plural
amach'ullullulluchunkuchu	Third person Plural
apaykuspa	None
chutasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
añikusqanku	Third person Plural
sansankunapaq	None
hunt'apurqan	Third person Singular
amapuchkachunkuchu	Third person Plural
sallawan	None
payllakunap	None
hallp'isqankichik	Second person Plural
mañarqani	First person Singular
achhisqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'atasqanki	Second person Singular
hat'allichunku	Third person Plural
antiykichikrayku	None
achiq	None
qayana	None
yapunku	Third person Plural
hunyarqanku	Third person Plural
inqhiykachanqa	Third person Singular
ñawisqanki	Second person Singular
amatantaychikchu	Second person Plural
achini	First person Singular
iñin	Third person Singular
yarpay	Second person Singular
mallisqani	First person Singular
ninayanqa	Third person Singular
hawch'arqankichik	Second person Plural
chinkachispa	None
suyukunamanta	None
samaykintin	None
ch'ipchikunawan	None
amawaqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ñawpanpi	None
yachasqani	First person Singular
amasupiychu	Second person Singular
amachichuyaychu	Second person Singular
amayarpaychu	Second person Singular
muchusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llallinpura	None
mikhunan	None
masiykipa	None
kuchun	Third person Singular
chakachikusqani	First person Singular
amamutkhichunchu	Third person Singular
kusikusqan	Third person Singular
t'ikasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ama	None
ch'aqchurqanku	Third person Plural
qillqarqan	Third person Singular
llamkasaq	First person Singular
ch'aphcharqani	First person Singular
apakapun	Third person Singular
purun	None
chanqiyarqani	First person Singular
ch'iqmichirqani	First person Singular
chiqchiykachachun	Third person Singular
asirqan	Third person Singular
maskhayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachachin	Third person Singular
hamusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amahanyaychikchu	Second person Plural
irpasqanki	Second person Singular
uturunku	None
yurirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wiñaq	None
llamp'urqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hunt'ayninchikkuna	None
atipakunannaq	None
rurasqan	Third person Singular
runata	None
qishyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñunakuni	First person Singular
ispapakusaq	First person Singular
awasqanku	Third person Plural
achkacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pawasqanku	Third person Plural
iskirqankichik	Second person Plural
kaq	None
arqhipayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
parlayninchikkunakama	None
ñawraykichikkunamanta	None
tiyanankunannaq	None
qayarqan	Third person Singular
chinkakapusqanki	Second person Singular
kichasqa	None
amallulluychikchu	Second person Plural
chukuykukunawan	None
ch'allarqankichik	Second person Plural
amaintuchunchu	Third person Singular
chapatiyachun	Third person Singular
layqaykilla	None
yunka	None
chanqiyachun	Third person Singular
wamp'uykunantin	None
aykhusqani	First person Singular
aysaysisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qispichichunku	Third person Plural
rit'iyhina	None
asisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tariparqan	Third person Singular
kachi	None
ususiykikunata	None
awñirqanki	Second person Singular
uhunkunahina	None
askhayasaq	First person Singular
haratasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amayallichunchu	Third person Singular
pampankukunamanta	None
chawpipi	None
tariparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aspisqanki	Second person Singular
chikchisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'ipirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llullani	First person Singular
ch'irwayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amawathiyaychu	Second person Singular
atipaykunapaq	None
chichuyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
churiyasqankichik	Second person Plural
lliphllisqanku	Third person Plural
t'impuchisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kullasqankichik	Second person Plural
apanquranman	None
wayna	None
hayratachini	First person Singular
chinpisqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'achun	Third person Singular
arawani	First person Singular
millarqan	Third person Singular
ch'ullchurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llakirqankichik	Second person Plural
p'ampan	Third person Singular
tiyasqanki	Second person Singular
armakusqanki	Second person Singular
thupan	Third person Singular
pukyurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awanqa	Third person Singular
parlasqankichik	Second person Plural
phutiyniykikunahina	None
tupuyniykikama	None
pampachay	Second person Singular
pisiparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rutusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huchachakusaq	First person Singular
amaasuchunchu	Third person Singular
llaqwarqanku	Third person Plural
chakatasqan	Third person Singular
waqachisqa	None
puqusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yañan	Third person Singular
hut'kunku	Third person Plural
chawpichanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amap'ampaychikchu	Second person Plural
puchkani	First person Singular
p'uchquyninchikman	None
hinankukunapura	None
llamkhasqan	Third person Singular
ayqirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
takisqankichik	Second person Plural
chirarani	First person Singular
anchayasaq	First person Singular
llaqtaypa	None
aqhayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amapallquychikchu	Second person Plural
iskayyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayqichun	Third person Singular
chumpiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tupayninchikninnaq	None
q'apiychik	Second person Plural
t'itunkukunap	None
ichararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qullqimanta	None
ch'awasqanki	Second person Singular
llasachunku	Third person Plural
aylluchakuchunku	Third person Plural
thatkinchikkunapura	None
amañaqch'achunkuchu	Third person Plural
sinchiyayninpaq	None
ch'iqmichiy	Second person Singular
chaskiykusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ismusqani	First person Singular
qasasaq	First person Singular
p'akisqanki	Second person Singular
ch'ipchinhina	None
allinchay	Second person Singular
llakisqani	First person Singular
suq'uy	Second person Singular
ch'iqtarqankichik	Second person Plural
llulmiychik	Second person Plural
waqachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'itunkunawan	None
amasiraychu	Second person Singular
qhichwa	None
amaqillqaqhawapaychikchu	Second person Plural
killapi	None
chinruykachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
haymasqani	First person Singular
askhayachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
muyurqanku	Third person Plural
phiñakunantin	None
amatukuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
aysayninkuwan	None
chakwaskunap	None
allpaqaykichikpa	None
ch'arqayay	Second person Singular
huqarirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'iqtanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
antiman	None
añaynichisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ispayniykichikninnaq	None
anschurirqanku	Third person Plural
ch'aranchan	Third person Singular
rikch'arqani	First person Singular
amaaspiychikchu	Second person Plural
utqachun	Third person Singular
qhinchacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amasipiychikchu	Second person Plural
ripusqan	Third person Singular
allani	First person Singular
qhichwap	None
amarampachunchu	Third person Singular
chuchuyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amach'aspachunchu	Third person Singular
wamp'urqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sayarqanki	Second person Singular
huhllarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
willkay	Second person Singular
aykhusqan	Third person Singular
thuñinchikkunawan	None
t'ipihina	None
pukllayninchikrayku	None
tikaykunamanta	None
supisqani	First person Singular
llulluy	Second person Singular
amach'allaychikchu	Second person Plural
achalachun	Third person Singular
ñawinqa	Third person Singular
kañankukunapaq	None
awqanakuy	Second person Singular
chayamusaq	First person Singular
ch'akayarqan	Third person Singular
añikusqan	Third person Singular
chawpi	None
achikyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawch'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wayrachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mallisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruraqpa	None
paqarirqan	Third person Singular
pachantin	None
grasyaykunanka	None
amap'akiychikchu	Second person Plural
pallquy	Second person Singular
chankaykichikkunata	None
pirqachun	Third person Singular
quriykukunap	None
ch'illchichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pallqurqankichik	Second person Plural
khuyasqan	Third person Singular
chikchiykikunapi	None
tukuchispa	None
chinchankunawan	None
yupaychasqani	First person Singular
phaqsankukunapura	None
amahayllichunchu	Third person Singular
llallin	Third person Singular
chayakamuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
iskinqa	Third person Singular
quyaykunka	None
atipachikurqan	Third person Singular
ninayarqankichik	Second person Plural
unuykurayku	None
rimachichunku	Third person Plural
kusiykichikta	None
huhyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'arkikunapura	None
llaqwayta	None
ninayarqanki	Second person Singular
amaphiñachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'atasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thasasqanki	Second person Singular
upallasqankichik	Second person Plural
t'urpusqanki	Second person Singular
amaallichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amachutaychikchu	Second person Plural
bahanqa	Third person Singular
llik'inku	Third person Plural
qayasqankichik	Second person Plural
wantuta	None
amahallmachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chawpichachun	Third person Singular
huñinqaku	Third person Plural
amahuñichunchu	Third person Singular
wakchakunaman	None
ch'aqchunku	Third person Plural
wayrasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaq'apiychu	Second person Singular
kunarqanku	Third person Plural
ch'akichikusqani	First person Singular
apuchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mink'anku	Third person Plural
amach'ipuchunchu	Third person Singular
llamaykita	None
sipirqan	Third person Singular
icharay	Second person Singular
yanaq	None
q'apanku	Third person Plural
pachaman	None
huñunakusqan	Third person Singular
qasasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mitikurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pukararqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awqanakusqani	First person Singular
hayt'arqani	First person Singular
chiriyachirqani	First person Singular
hinanku	Third person Plural
qishyasqankichik	Second person Plural
inturqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hunt'apurqankichik	Second person Plural
ayqiykusqanku	Third person Plural
takasqankichik	Second person Plural
urmaq	None
willaqniykukunap	None
yaqullasqani	First person Singular
panta	None
chamqarqanku	Third person Plural
ñawillichunku	Third person Plural
waqachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khuyasqanku	Third person Plural
arawasqan	Third person Singular
yachakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
paqarispa	None
chumpiykunka	None
p'akirqanku	Third person Plural
chulluni	First person Singular
amatanqaychikchu	Second person Plural
utqay	Second person Singular
lararqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
illasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkay	Second person Singular
chawasaq	First person Singular
yanuspa	None
pakayniykichikkunamanta	None
chinkarpariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
akllusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wamranwan	None
ayqiykun	Third person Singular
chahchasqan	Third person Singular
palla	None
t'ipisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allinyachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
illapachawkunapaq	None
chinkakapurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llaqtanmanta	None
q'uchukunannaq	None
yanayniykichikkunantin	None
ruphachichun	Third person Singular
usa	None
p'ampacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
runamanta	None
hanpusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llamap	None
maqanakurqankichik	Second person Plural
q'iminkunata	None
kapuyninkukunawan	None
wik'uñaykikunaman	None
amataripaychu	Second person Singular
sat'iyninkukunawan	None
kutasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hap'isunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huhyasqani	First person Singular
chiqchiykacharqani	First person Singular
wañusqanki	Second person Singular
kuchurqankichik	Second person Plural
anchachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tutayan	Third person Singular
illapanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayqichichunku	Third person Plural
ninayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llik'iyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruphachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yallinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
illasqanku	Third person Plural
amamaqakuchunchu	Third person Singular
challwamanta	None
rampanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wasikunapi	None
huñuchinku	Third person Plural
qillirqanku	Third person Plural
chahracharqani	First person Singular
amallimphiychu	Second person Singular
chanqaykusqani	First person Singular
chapunqa	Third person Singular
ch'uqchurqanku	Third person Plural
kachiykunawan	None
harchiyarqankichik	Second person Plural
hiq'ipaychik	Second person Plural
hik'ipakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thantarqan	Third person Singular
aysaysisqan	Third person Singular
ñawiykachasqanki	Second person Singular
susurqankichik	Second person Plural
k'allampanintin	None
kuyunku	Third person Plural
asnaychik	Second person Plural
uynini	First person Singular
achhiykunap	None
ch'uhtarqankichik	Second person Plural
amach'ullchuchunchu	Third person Singular
sayk'uyninchikpura	None
yachayninkulla	None
akllaykunawan	None
amarikch'achunchu	Third person Singular
chaninchasqa	None
amasuwachunchu	Third person Singular
lluqsiykichiklla	None
llullurqanku	Third person Plural
ch'unqasaq	First person Singular
willana	None
millp'uyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yupananchikkunapura	None
aychaykukunamanta	None
amapusachunchu	Third person Singular
marq'aykukunahina	None
hat'allirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
irqiyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chulluchirqan	Third person Singular
apichakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamuch'achunkuchu	Third person Plural
qispirqanku	Third person Plural
marq'ayman	None
ankaykikunarayku	None
paqarisqanku	Third person Plural
tusurqan	Third person Singular
achhiyniykichikpaq	None
kañina	None
chaskirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawiychik	Second person Plural
apan	Third person Singular
p'ampachay	Second person Singular
qullqinchikrayku	None
chakatasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tiyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
upayninnaq	None
yupaychasqa	None
yunkaywan	None
ch'uhllarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yawarninkuhina	None
ayqiyniykukunakama	None
tupasqanku	Third person Plural
maqasaq	First person Singular
chapatiyasqanki	Second person Singular
kallchasqan	Third person Singular
suyuchunku	Third person Plural
churakunku	Third person Plural
kichani	First person Singular
ninarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wakchaykichiknintin	None
chinpisqani	First person Singular
kutayniykunanka	None
sinq'arqanku	Third person Plural
manchan	Third person Singular
illaparqankichik	Second person Plural
apakamurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kayninkukunawan	None
haratasqankichik	Second person Plural
tususpa	None
machuykichik	None
ripusaq	First person Singular
aparqanki	Second person Singular
chinkachirqankichik	Second person Plural
phawaykachani	First person Singular
sutisaq	First person Singular
ch'achusqankichik	Second person Plural
api	None
chakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pirqapi	None
t'ipinchikkunahina	None
sayk'uyrqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'uqchuchunchu	Third person Singular
huñuysiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'iquchun	Third person Singular
suysurqankichik	Second person Plural
rimanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'ipuni	First person Singular
kallchay	Second person Singular
llikllakunamanta	None
killankunata	None
amayachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
hat'allirqankichik	Second person Plural
machachun	Third person Singular
mancharqanku	Third person Plural
muyu	None
kayman	None
amallamkhachunkuchu	Third person Plural
akllankunanka	None
suq'uyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aylluchakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
manqunpaq	None
thuñiykukunap	None
machasqanki	Second person Singular
aynirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ichinku	Third person Plural
kichanqaku	Third person Plural
llasasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
takachunku	Third person Plural
tikaykichikwan	None
kapuyninpaq	None
tukuchinqaku	Third person Plural
ch'aqirqankichik	Second person Plural
layqarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
liyisqankichik	Second person Plural
umalli	None
rawrana	None
wañunqa	Third person Singular
ch'umasaq	First person Singular
uturunkuwan	None
wiñarqan	Third person Singular
llik'inchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yanarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhapaqpa	None
amaullpukuchunchu	Third person Singular
samayniykukunakama	None
yachan	Third person Singular
larasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chantayykumanta	None
kutiykimanta	None
atikarqan	Third person Singular
suysusqanki	Second person Singular
achiwaywan	None
amahaytarakuychikchu	Second person Plural
chuhchunku	Third person Plural
amasayarichunchu	Third person Singular
ismurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'itirqanki	Second person Singular
saksapura	None
hunyarqan	Third person Singular
qharinkukunawan	None
takuykukunapi	None
amaallichaychikchu	Second person Plural
waynannaq	None
mallini	First person Singular
amaasipayaychikchu	Second person Plural
allpacharqan	Third person Singular
kawsayniykichikkunapi	None
thuñirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chayamuychik	Second person Plural
ichisqani	First person Singular
laranqa	Third person Singular
hatarisqanku	Third person Plural
sisarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuqasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kuyuychik	Second person Plural
illanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ruturqani	First person Singular
asut'irqankichik	Second person Plural
amathasachunchu	Third person Singular
amachumpiychu	Second person Singular
llulmispa	None
amach'aqwachunchu	Third person Singular
tukuspa	None
qallarqankichik	Second person Plural
qincharqani	First person Singular
ch'iqanaychik	Second person Plural
khachunchikkuna	None
lluqsinkunawan	None
hip'irqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'itisqankichik	Second person Plural
urqukunapi	None
khachusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
millasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sumanqaku	Third person Plural
ch'awasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kamayuqnin	None
pisinkukunap	None
ayninkunalla	None
ruk'unchikkunata	None
raqachankuwan	None
pukyunqa	Third person Singular
ispapakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amakunununuychikchu	Second person Plural
llulluyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amuyachun	Third person Singular
sutinqa	Third person Singular
mancharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qaqaykichikman	None
haywakacharqanku	Third person Plural
illapay	Second person Singular
t'urpunku	Third person Plural
mayllakusqanku	Third person Plural
rikuchiy	Second person Singular
qillirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llullaykichikman	None
ullpuykichikwan	None
llik'ichun	Third person Singular
humint'an	Third person Singular
pallqusqan	Third person Singular
alayrichiy	Second person Singular
amunchikkunarayku	None
thupani	First person Singular
thasasqankichik	Second person Plural
amach'illmipakuychu	Second person Singular
amapampachaychu	Second person Singular
tukun	Third person Singular
ch'aqlarqan	Third person Singular
ramparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
quyllurniykipura	None
mikhunanchikkunawan	None
amaaskhayaychikchu	Second person Plural
chuhchannarqankichik	Second person Plural
t'itusqanki	Second person Singular
astakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achichun	Third person Singular
awannasaq	First person Singular
phutinkupa	None
pantankunanka	None
sat'isaq	First person Singular
ch'ullullullurqan	Third person Singular
amaarmakuychu	Second person Singular
chankaykupi	None
amawañuchunchu	Third person Singular
amatupuychu	Second person Singular
amaqinchaychu	Second person Singular
tupurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mallichunku	Third person Plural
llanthup	None
amaaywachunkuchu	Third person Plural
qichurqankichik	Second person Plural
miran	Third person Singular
ichin	Third person Singular
anschurichirqani	First person Singular
allquchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ismunqa	Third person Singular
amaunquchunkuchu	Third person Plural
chahraysisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chuqi	None
muchuypa	None
pach'ankurayku	None
aywan	Third person Singular
chayamuchun	Third person Singular
qispichiy	Second person Singular
amuykichikman	None
amasuysuychu	Second person Singular
asisqani	First person Singular
tukuchirqan	Third person Singular
hatarisqan	Third person Singular
ch'aqlanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'antayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaripuychu	Second person Singular
amaqhuruchunkuchu	Third person Plural
chapinnasqanku	Third person Plural
tapusqani	First person Singular
apuchachun	Third person Singular
qunun	Third person Singular
haratasaq	First person Singular
rantikun	Third person Singular
qullpay	Second person Singular
amaphinkiychikchu	Second person Plural
halarqanku	Third person Plural
pukarasqanki	Second person Singular
amachayaychikchu	Second person Plural
t'antankukunanka	None
taripasqankichik	Second person Plural
qispiyniykichik	None
ninanku	Third person Plural
lluqsisqani	First person Singular
qusiykunalla	None
amayuyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amalliphiychikchu	Second person Plural
pukllanku	Third person Plural
sipirqanku	Third person Plural
michisqan	Third person Singular
amach'uyanchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
pukllasqa	None
iskisaq	First person Singular
q'apirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tantarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apakamusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'iqichisaq	First person Singular
hayt'ani	First person Singular
khipukamayuqninkunata	None
amaallwichunkuchu	Third person Plural
quyllurchawwan	None
pukllasqankichik	Second person Plural
amakallpaychu	Second person Singular
pallarqani	First person Singular
tupu	None
rikch'ayninkunata	None
hapasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
k'umusqankichik	Second person Plural
muyuy	Second person Singular
ch'akichin	Third person Singular
alawcharqanki	Second person Singular
pitusqankichik	Second person Plural
machanqa	Third person Singular
sukarqanki	Second person Singular
atikanku	Third person Plural
machayniykirayku	None
kunarqan	Third person Singular
taskiykintin	None
paqtasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apanquraykunamanta	None
chantayykichikhina	None
kallpay	Second person Singular
hark'asaq	First person Singular
khuyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sutipaq	None
qillqapi	None
aklluchun	Third person Singular
ch'utirqanku	Third person Plural
simanaykunata	None
ñawirirqankichik	Second person Plural
allipunakusqanki	Second person Singular
intusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hallmarqan	Third person Singular
ch'iwkachichun	Third person Singular
chaninchasqan	Third person Singular
allpanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawirqankichik	Second person Plural
yunkaykukuna	None
anchaykachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pakay	Second person Singular
amahuch'uiyachichunchu	Third person Singular
suyruhina	None
yañankunka	None
q'imirqankichik	Second person Plural
harwinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
utqarqanku	Third person Plural
allpanku	Third person Plural
llullusqanki	Second person Singular
rantichun	Third person Singular
yachakuy	Second person Singular
qurichirqan	Third person Singular
yarqayninku	None
parasqankichik	Second person Plural
awki	None
ch'uhllasqani	First person Singular
hap'irqanki	Second person Singular
phukusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tarpusqankichik	Second person Plural
takayniykichikkunamanta	None
aynirqankichik	Second person Plural
amachapukuychu	Second person Singular
watusqanku	Third person Plural
kankaykipa	None
chinpisqanku	Third person Plural
rurasqa	None
chinkaykunqaku	Third person Plural
ch'aqirqani	First person Singular
yañaykichikpaq	None
ikmayarqan	Third person Singular
aqucharqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'uqchunku	Third person Plural
chinkaykun	Third person Singular
raphikunawan	None
ispapakusqanku	Third person Plural
qaraykipa	None
huch'uiyani	First person Singular
chalankupura	None
pituyki	None
chakusqani	First person Singular
pukaran	Third person Singular
simiykikunapi	None
hik'irqankichik	Second person Plural
anschurinqaku	Third person Plural
ayñisqanki	Second person Singular
ch'allasaq	First person Singular
amaq'ipichunkuchu	Third person Plural
kallpankunalla	None
tususaq	First person Singular
q'ararqani	First person Singular
kachusqan	Third person Singular
hamut'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pichaykunata	None
riqsiyniyman	None
millp'usqanku	Third person Plural
pukarapi	None
huchachakusqanki	Second person Singular
puquyninchikkunamanta	None
maskhachun	Third person Singular
q'apachunku	Third person Plural
munayninchikta	None
huñirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'uspaykunannaq	None
takasqan	Third person Singular
yupaychanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kulliyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allinyan	Third person Singular
allinchasqa	None
llaqwaqninkunannaq	None
awsayninchikkunannaq	None
kulliyachunku	Third person Plural
winarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
challwan	Third person Singular
hat'allisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khallkisqanki	Second person Singular
hamurpanqaku	Third person Plural
ch'uyanarqankichik	Second person Plural
apaykurqanku	Third person Plural
kawsayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hant'arqayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachikchichunkuchu	Third person Plural
siqsirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'ikasqanki	Second person Singular
sisankunakama	None
utqaychasqankichik	Second person Plural
wayrachinanchikkunahina	None
q'imisqan	Third person Singular
haywarinqa	Third person Singular
ch'ipihyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chahchanqa	Third person Singular
muyuyninkunawan	None
sisanqaku	Third person Plural
husk'asaq	First person Singular
amaqillqaqhawapaychu	Second person Singular
atillchakunapaq	None
atirqani	First person Singular
ischuchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phawaq	None
llakiq	None
wañurqanki	Second person Singular
kallchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
intichawkunawan	None
wallparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asllayachisqankichik	Second person Plural
hayt'asqanki	Second person Singular
chayarqan	Third person Singular
waqyanqa	Third person Singular
llimphinqaku	Third person Plural
wak'aypura	None
awsarqanku	Third person Plural
chiqnikunqaku	Third person Plural
mikhunakuna	None
yupaychana	None
p'ampankukunannaq	None
hankapi	None
hatarirqanki	Second person Singular
ñawpata	None
allpayachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hallpasaq	First person Singular
kuskankunapi	None
sayanqa	Third person Singular
waqyasaq	First person Singular
uywakuna	None
kunununurqan	Third person Singular
thuñiykikunanka	None
amaqasaychu	Second person Singular
kunarqanki	Second person Singular
mayllarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
unuykunalla	None
kumusqani	First person Singular
chinkakapuni	First person Singular
ch'achusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phallchankunannaq	None
hallp'isaq	First person Singular
sumaq	None
ch'uyanasaq	First person Singular
hanuk'arqankichik	Second person Plural
saphirqan	Third person Singular
yachakurqan	Third person Singular
hallp'inqaku	Third person Plural
anchaykachanqaku	Third person Plural
amachimpachiychu	Second person Singular
amachanqaykukuychikchu	Second person Plural
utqanqa	Third person Singular
allquchankukunannaq	None
phukusqankichik	Second person Plural
tusuchun	Third person Singular
huq'uchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qaranqa	Third person Singular
qhinchachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'ampasqani	First person Singular
marqan	Third person Singular
unuyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huchachakurqankichik	Second person Plural
anschuykuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kina	None
amahatariychikchu	Second person Plural
yuyasqanki	Second person Singular
chutasqanki	Second person Singular
p'itisaq	First person Singular
irpasqan	Third person Singular
chiqnirqankichik	Second person Plural
amachulluchichunkuchu	Third person Plural
kamayuqniykichiklla	None
tipiykunaman	None
allquchasqanku	Third person Plural
yanurqanku	Third person Plural
tipiykinnaq	None
tukuchisqanku	Third person Plural
amarimachunchu	Third person Singular
qhariykikunakama	None
ismuchun	Third person Singular
allpasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'utisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
parlayninchikwan	None
llullusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñuchirqan	Third person Singular
munasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakhachuychikchu	Second person Plural
lliphisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asurqan	Third person Singular
qatan	None
rikuriyninhina	None
yallisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñaqch'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'iwirqani	First person Singular
q'ararqanku	Third person Plural
llasasaq	First person Singular
huñurqanki	Second person Singular
sayarisqani	First person Singular
anschurirqani	First person Singular
khipukamayuqninkunarayku	None
hunt'ayniykuta	None
chahrakusaq	First person Singular
chakachani	First person Singular
hamurpasqanki	Second person Singular
pirqan	Third person Singular
qilliychik	Second person Plural
watukusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sutiwan	None
suyunkuna	None
pukllayta	None
ch'aphchasqan	Third person Singular
ch'usasqanku	Third person Plural
nanasqan	Third person Singular
quriykupaq	None
amaankallikuychu	Second person Singular
anschurisqanku	Third person Plural
munani	First person Singular
thantarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rutuy	Second person Singular
machay	Second person Singular
amachahraysiychu	Second person Singular
waynaykupura	None
rit'iykukuna	None
alqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
harawiykuna	None
amasiriychikchu	Second person Plural
awankasqan	Third person Singular
husk'arqanku	Third person Plural
amach'unqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
sallaykikunaman	None
allwirqanku	Third person Plural
p'akisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achisqankichik	Second person Plural
amachayanpuchunchu	Third person Singular
tupaqniykukunannaq	None
anschiykachasaq	First person Singular
umapi	None
ch'utiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
khuyanqa	Third person Singular
supaykunawan	None
wathiyasqanku	Third person Plural
wanuychik	Second person Plural
chikchinku	Third person Plural
uhurqan	Third person Singular
inqhiykachanqaku	Third person Plural
chaskisqanki	Second person Singular
kawsayniykunakama	None
suyukunata	None
huñuchiychik	Second person Plural
intunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qillqaqhawapasaq	First person Singular
taqtachunku	Third person Plural
phiñaykiwan	None
chawpiyta	None
achhirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
niq	None
anschuykunakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tamyarqanki	Second person Singular
atipachawniykichikkunapura	None
huchankunamanta	None
hallmaychik	Second person Plural
taripayninkurayku	None
rumita	None
sirini	First person Singular
llaqtapaq	None
tupuna	None
amaayllunakuychikchu	Second person Plural
hat'ansillasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
maqakusqankichik	Second person Plural
amaharawiychikchu	Second person Plural
hat'ansillarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiqaqcharqani	First person Singular
kaykunata	None
sirirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llasaykunakama	None
kachusaq	First person Singular
ichirqanku	Third person Plural
maqayninchik	None
uhupi	None
ñawiykachaychik	Second person Plural
runap	None
ch'arkirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
khipuchun	Third person Singular
k'umuchunku	Third person Plural
ispapakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhichwankukunapura	None
khuchi	None
achiwa	None
tukusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yañani	First person Singular
pallqurqani	First person Singular
chawan	Third person Singular
muyusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chulluchiy	Second person Singular
phiñakunannaq	None
pallayykupaq	None
manchanqaku	Third person Plural
kallchasqankichik	Second person Plural
challwasaq	First person Singular
chimpan	Third person Singular
p'urunchikninnaq	None
ch'uyanchaychik	Second person Plural
amach'aphranachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'umachun	Third person Singular
pikchuypura	None
pallaykunapaq	None
rupharqankichik	Second person Plural
muyuyniykukunarayku	None
haywarirqankichik	Second person Plural
yapaspa	None
uyarirqan	Third person Singular
añaychan	Third person Singular
sipisqa	None
achhichunku	Third person Plural
amasuk'achunchu	Third person Singular
wiqiykikunapura	None
huq'arirqanki	Second person Singular
aylluchakusqanki	Second person Singular
llakiyniykichikmanta	None
ikmayani	First person Singular
puchkayninchikpi	None
khipurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayllunkuna	None
antankapaq	None
iñisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rakiykukunanka	None
alqanqaku	Third person Plural
killachawwan	None
sinq'asqan	Third person Singular
tupukuna	None
amahamuychu	Second person Singular
q'apichun	Third person Singular
ñawra	None
ispapakurqan	Third person Singular
apakamurqanki	Second person Singular
ch'uyanachun	Third person Singular
chinpisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rak'isqanki	Second person Singular
ch'illchichiychik	Second person Plural
rampachunku	Third person Plural
bahasqani	First person Singular
illaymanta	None
arqhiparqankichik	Second person Plural
hik'isqanku	Third person Plural
amamillp'uchunkuchu	Third person Plural
qaparin	Third person Singular
ch'uyanasqanki	Second person Singular
kuchusqan	Third person Singular
añikusqanki	Second person Singular
ch'uspanchiklla	None
amamachaychikchu	Second person Plural
mañasqanku	Third person Plural
riqsisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qurichisqan	Third person Singular
ch'ullchunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pantarqankichik	Second person Plural
allpapura	None
tiyanku	Third person Plural
mikhunaykimanta	None
llallisqan	Third person Singular
huhllachunku	Third person Plural
chinkanqaku	Third person Plural
wachanqa	Third person Singular
atipankunamanta	None
waqtaykichik	None
usaykikama	None
yupaychayninkurayku	None
takasqanku	Third person Plural
mitmakunapaq	None
tapuchun	Third person Singular
ñaqch'arqankichik	Second person Plural
uyarisqani	First person Singular
kutisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rutusqanku	Third person Plural
amachurichakuychikchu	Second person Plural
k'anchayniykukunantin	None
qallarinqa	Third person Singular
illay	Second person Singular
muyuykichikkunaman	None
anchachachunku	Third person Plural
kanchani	First person Singular
amarawrachunkuchu	Third person Plural
wichayniykichikninnaq	None
aypay	Second person Singular
hink'iy	Second person Singular
wanusqan	Third person Singular
puchkanqaku	Third person Plural
intichawkama	None
phawayta	None
kutachunku	Third person Plural
khuyaykintin	None
aylluchakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aqtusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kawsaspa	None
asllayachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saphisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
thatki	None
chanqaykukurqankichik	Second person Plural
liyin	Third person Singular
apakamusqanku	Third person Plural
churay	Second person Singular
t'ikayrayku	None
phutiyniykikunaman	None
chuhchannanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chayanpusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'utirqankichik	Second person Plural
thuñisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kututuykinka	None
yupaychayninkukama	None
amamayllachunchu	Third person Singular
amasuyuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
chapiychik	Second person Plural
watyachun	Third person Singular
waqachirqanku	Third person Plural
marq'asqanku	Third person Plural
amach'illuchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chahrakusqankichik	Second person Plural
phuyurqan	Third person Singular
challwachun	Third person Singular
chakachanku	Third person Plural
aklluychik	Second person Plural
amachanqiyaychikchu	Second person Plural
yayayku	None
hank'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yachachiqkuna	None
raqachawan	None
asusqan	Third person Singular
ñisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'arkinchikmanta	None
masin	None
urmasqa	None
achinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'uhllaychu	Second person Singular
yuyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sallqaykama	None
wantusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
uhukunapaq	None
millan	Third person Singular
hunyan	Third person Singular
ischuchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
usaykikunata	None
kañisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allinchaychik	Second person Plural
kañasqani	First person Singular
kuyuy	Second person Singular
kutichichunku	Third person Plural
sat'isqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñunakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachimpachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amaantachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
suyrunkunata	None
chakatasqa	None
chirarasqan	Third person Singular
chinkaykurqan	Third person Singular
umanta	None
t'ikraykunakama	None
amakunununuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
sumayniykunaman	None
mañachunku	Third person Plural
qillqaq	None
putiykunanka	None
rurarqani	First person Singular
ayqichirqankichik	Second person Plural
awsasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñiychik	Second person Plural
ismunqaku	Third person Plural
tupaykunahina	None
qinchasqan	Third person Singular
hant'arqaq	None
kawsarqan	Third person Singular
hunyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutayniykichikninka	None
sumasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
much'ankama	None
chinkarparisqanki	Second person Singular
amalluqsichunchu	Third person Singular
sayk'uyrqani	First person Singular
paqariyniykupa	None
amamichiychikchu	Second person Plural
riy	Second person Singular
kayninta	None
amarikuchunchu	Third person Singular
wiqiyta	None
hip'inku	Third person Plural
ch'uyayachinku	Third person Plural
ayphayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chantasqani	First person Singular
haywanku	Third person Plural
phawayniykichikkunalla	None
yupana	None
chikachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qhawasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qallankunapura	None
rit'isqanki	Second person Singular
thuqay	Second person Singular
tutayarqani	First person Singular
muchuyniykichikninka	None
sukaychik	Second person Plural
amahuñuchichunkuchu	Third person Plural
wathiyan	Third person Singular
kututuykinnaq	None
asin	Third person Singular
tamyayrayku	None
llakirqanku	Third person Plural
rankhinchikninnaq	None
qullpankukunahina	None
qhapaqnin	None
yañankuman	None
waqyarqankichik	Second person Plural
lliphllirqanki	Second person Singular
samanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anchaykachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thasanku	Third person Plural
kallchanqa	Third person Singular
allwiy	Second person Singular
mikhunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
churiyan	Third person Singular
hik'isaq	First person Singular
illasqankichik	Second person Plural
anqusasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wachayninkunanka	None
ischuchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pukllarqan	Third person Singular
chinchaykichikkunata	None
ñawirisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakullachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amawaylluychikchu	Second person Plural
mikhurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kunununusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allinyachini	First person Singular
harawiykikunalla	None
ñawiykachachun	Third person Singular
simp'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urqupi	None
añaychasqanku	Third person Plural
ch'aqchusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapakusqanki	Second person Singular
t'aqsayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amahephq'aychikchu	Second person Plural
amachiqnichunchu	Third person Singular
rutuni	First person Singular
chiqniychik	Second person Plural
llimphisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yuriyninchikkuna	None
kutaychik	Second person Plural
amaayllunakuychu	Second person Singular
atipachikuni	First person Singular
aywayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyumanta	None
wiñachunku	Third person Plural
pirwasqanku	Third person Plural
anschurini	First person Singular
pallqurqanki	Second person Singular
tukusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wikch'usqani	First person Singular
imay	None
tupurqan	Third person Singular
churichakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatachun	Third person Singular
yachaypi	None
achalarqanki	Second person Singular
achalarqani	First person Singular
amaharatachunkuchu	Third person Plural
añikuni	First person Singular
watyaykunalla	None
paqtayninkupaq	None
utqaychanku	Third person Plural
wasipaq	None
mit'ankunaman	None
yachasqanku	Third person Plural
willkachasqan	Third person Singular
chuqinkukunanka	None
mitk'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
willasqankichik	Second person Plural
layqani	First person Singular
tarpusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awani	First person Singular
chakachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sirinqa	Third person Singular
allinyasqani	First person Singular
ankuta	None
chakwasniykichik	None
watusqani	First person Singular
chapirqani	First person Singular
wathiyachun	Third person Singular
amaparaychikchu	Second person Plural
hayllisqani	First person Singular
qillqasqa	None
muyunchikkunawan	None
rakinpi	None
aklluykachachunku	Third person Plural
amaaklluykachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
achurasqan	Third person Singular
amaakullichunkuchu	Third person Plural
willasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'iqmichinku	Third person Plural
taripana	None
q'ipiychik	Second person Plural
sayariyninkukama	None
irpasqani	First person Singular
ch'iqtanqaku	Third person Plural
pirwarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tupasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
purini	First person Singular
llakiykikunata	None
askhayanku	Third person Plural
ischucharqanku	Third person Plural
sunqunkuhina	None
anschurichisqanku	Third person Plural
aypurirqanku	Third person Plural
mink'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llulmirqani	First person Singular
yupaychayniykikunap	None
wamp'ukunakama	None
pichachun	Third person Singular
ch'isiyanqaku	Third person Plural
ayllurqanki	Second person Singular
pisipaychik	Second person Plural
marq'ayniykama	None
hinasaq	First person Singular
sayarirqan	Third person Singular
khachunqaku	Third person Plural
amuykama	None
sutisqanki	Second person Singular
ch'ipihyay	Second person Singular
irqiyasqani	First person Singular
achkacharqanki	Second person Singular
rantiychik	Second person Plural
hapaychik	Second person Plural
harawikuna	None
suwasqan	Third person Singular
ch'achuchun	Third person Singular
ch'ipchiykukunawan	None
uyarirqanku	Third person Plural
arinsasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sutirqan	Third person Singular
khachuychik	Second person Plural
chakwasniypura	None
khallkiynin	None
phuyuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wiksa	None
chapisqa	None
takirqani	First person Singular
paskayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sisanlla	None
amawichachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chiqachakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachiriychikchu	Second person Plural
wañusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qallupi	None
supispa	None
yawarman	None
taytaykichikkunapaq	None
hut'uyanku	Third person Plural
chanqan	Third person Singular
runaykichik	None
kuyuchun	Third person Singular
yuriyniykichikkunawan	None
amahanyaychu	Second person Singular
hip'irqan	Third person Singular
phinkiyniykikunanka	None
kututurayku	None
umalliykichikpura	None
chanqaykuychik	Second person Plural
urayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
saruyniykichikninka	None
amach'usachunchu	Third person Singular
waqachinqa	Third person Singular
amachimpachiychikchu	Second person Plural
wayllusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tarisqanku	Third person Plural
pachata	None
tarpuy	Second person Singular
chiriyachirqankichik	Second person Plural
tarpuyninmanta	None
amamusquchaychikchu	Second person Plural
amawaskaychu	Second person Singular
mitk'ay	Second person Singular
michisaq	First person Singular
llallirqanki	Second person Singular
hark'ayniykichikkunapi	None
sarunku	Third person Plural
amaachikyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
askhayasqanku	Third person Plural
waqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atawninkuna	None
ayqiy	Second person Singular
illapanqa	Third person Singular
alawchan	Third person Singular
chakun	Third person Singular
raki	None
q'arasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'awayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apanqurakunapura	None
ñukñuykuwan	None
qhapaqkunap	None
phuyup	None
ch'iqtani	First person Singular
yawnanku	Third person Plural
kuchuna	None
sayarisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pawaq	None
chaskiy	Second person Singular
rak'iykukunanka	None
ichiychik	Second person Plural
amawt'anchikwan	None
amaayqiykuchunchu	Third person Singular
maqanakusqan	Third person Singular
pakayniy	None
sinchiyasqankichik	Second person Plural
rikunakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hunt'achinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chakannasqan	Third person Singular
chapurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachayamuychikchu	Second person Plural
chaskiykuchun	Third person Singular
chumpiy	Second person Singular
qallarinku	Third person Plural
amawillkaychu	Second person Singular
huhyasaq	First person Singular
wallparqani	First person Singular
mitmayniykunapura	None
sapaykikunakama	None
pisipasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñuchirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
askhayachirqan	Third person Singular
yawnachun	Third person Singular
urpikunahina	None
amawallpachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'usarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apatatan	Third person Singular
amaqichuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
aycharaychik	Second person Plural
allinchanqaku	Third person Plural
hatunchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sukarqan	Third person Singular
ch'usasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaiskaychachunchu	Third person Singular
runaman	None
ruruykichikpaq	None
allpanaychik	Second person Plural
llullun	Third person Singular
mallinwan	None
ch'iqichisqanki	Second person Singular
rampasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wamraykuna	None
layqa	None
hurqusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chuchuyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
achanqaray	None
tupusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hallp'isqanku	Third person Plural
huñuchirqankichik	Second person Plural
pisqunchikpura	None
ch'akinqa	Third person Singular
pallqusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hunp'iy	Second person Singular
aysachun	Third person Singular
illaparqanku	Third person Plural
alawchaychik	Second person Plural
aycharaq	None
yarqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'arkiykikunamanta	None
haytarakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allquchasqani	First person Singular
yapurqan	Third person Singular
irqiyachunku	Third person Plural
p'ampasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amach'achuychikchu	Second person Plural
awqaychik	Second person Plural
amahephq'aychu	Second person Singular
kanchasaq	First person Singular
chinpisqanki	Second person Singular
achanqarayniyninka	None
t'ituni	First person Singular
aylluchakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
taskiykichikkunahina	None
wayra	None
allipanakusqanki	Second person Singular
chantaynchikpaq	None
wiksanpi	None
allpap	None
allquchan	Third person Singular
kuchuchun	Third person Singular
amalliphllichunkuchu	Third person Plural
llamp'usqani	First person Singular
amaykichikkunarayku	None
amaarmachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ruruychik	Second person Plural
qawanchikkunata	None
ch'awarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tususunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupaychan	Third person Singular
ukhunkunapaq	None
hiq'ipanku	Third person Plural
qillqa	None
ch'aspanqa	Third person Singular
tiyamurqanku	Third person Plural
kanisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qusinchikkunapaq	None
atipachawwan	None
mutkhiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
malliyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pitu	None
llullanku	Third person Plural
wañuyniykukunap	None
achanqarayninkukunapura	None
kapuq	None
ch'iqanarqan	Third person Singular
amawatyaychu	Second person Singular
p'itinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llasayninkukunalla	None
yañayninkunaman	None
amaischuchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
atikachun	Third person Singular
rin	Third person Singular
yurapi	None
mirayniykunalla	None
astakurqan	Third person Singular
ñawiykachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpanarqan	Third person Singular
amapirqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
nanaywan	None
hampisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uqchusqani	First person Singular
wantusqani	First person Singular
phawanku	Third person Plural
amahaywariychikchu	Second person Plural
saruyninkunarayku	None
tupayniykama	None
anschurichunku	Third person Plural
chuntankupa	None
qispichirqan	Third person Singular
unuyarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpayachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaalawchaychikchu	Second person Plural
q'imikurqan	Third person Singular
qaranku	Third person Plural
tusunku	Third person Plural
ch'umasqankichik	Second person Plural
haywarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aywarqan	Third person Singular
chuhchannan	Third person Singular
khachurqanku	Third person Plural
yachachiqkunapi	None
achinku	Third person Plural
ñust'ankukunaman	None
sawasqan	Third person Singular
ayrampuykukuna	None
huñunakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mitikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sunqu	None
atiykunapura	None
q'imisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
intikunanka	None
ch'uhllasqankichik	Second person Plural
amaamuyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
mutkhisqankichik	Second person Plural
phiñasaq	First person Singular
liwruykichikkunapaq	None
aypurirqan	Third person Singular
amaapuchaychikchu	Second person Plural
amaasnachunchu	Third person Singular
amachumpichunkuchu	Third person Plural
yaparqani	First person Singular
tutan	Third person Singular
upyaspa	None
mitk'asaq	First person Singular
tiyana	None
niy	Second person Singular
hark'aykupura	None
awasqa	None
ch'illucharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
unquykunawan	None
chapurqan	Third person Singular
hinayrayku	None
mitmay	Second person Singular
pakayninta	None
kawsasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kayninrayku	None
akanku	Third person Plural
allipanakuchun	Third person Singular
achalachisqan	Third person Singular
chiriyachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asipayayninchikpa	None
illarqani	First person Singular
amahink'ichunkuchu	Third person Plural
yarqasqankichik	Second person Plural
nanayniykikunahina	None
churakurqan	Third person Singular
ayqiykuy	Second person Singular
hark'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
unin	Third person Singular
khipurqanki	Second person Singular
rakinchikpura	None
aypani	First person Singular
haywachunku	Third person Plural
ch'uqchusqan	Third person Singular
chirarasqanku	Third person Plural
churayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urqumanta	None
mitk'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pisipan	Third person Singular
chanchasaq	First person Singular
amaqurichiychikchu	Second person Plural
ruphanku	Third person Plural
ñawi	None
mayllakurqan	Third person Singular
muyup	None
amasayaychu	Second person Singular
amachapiychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'ullchurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pichaymanta	None
yanaparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ari	None
chapakuchun	Third person Singular
chahrakuchun	Third person Singular
munay	Second person Singular
k'anchayninchikkunap	None
wayrarqankichik	Second person Plural
chaskiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hunyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llamkhayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huch'uiyarqan	Third person Singular
amapunkiychu	Second person Singular
sutiyki	None
aypanqa	Third person Singular
thantasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sinchiyayniykichikkunannaq	None
hat'allisqanku	Third person Plural
hurqusqa	None
wayrasqankichik	Second person Plural
chihllurqani	First person Singular
millp'uchun	Third person Singular
qillqaqhawapasqanku	Third person Plural
kaninchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yallirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kichasqan	Third person Singular
illasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uyayachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
añaychasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amallallichunchu	Third person Singular
qinchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
waylluchun	Third person Singular
ishkirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñuchinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chakurqan	Third person Singular
ninchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawch'arqanku	Third person Plural
wayrachinqa	Third person Singular
kunan	Third person Singular
tarinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapukuchun	Third person Singular
amuyasqanki	Second person Singular
sawasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqasqankichik	Second person Plural
tantasaq	First person Singular
wiñani	First person Singular
kayniypa	None
ch'ullullullusqankichik	Second person Plural
willasqa	None
ch'achuchunku	Third person Plural
qusiylla	None
amallamkaychikchu	Second person Plural
chuqarqankichik	Second person Plural
muchuykunanka	None
llaqtapi	None
taskikama	None
amach'akichunkuchu	Third person Plural
chihllusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
supinqa	Third person Singular
hanyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mink'ayniykukuna	None
michirqankichik	Second person Plural
t'ikraykichiklla	None
churakun	Third person Singular
hawkarqani	First person Singular
grasyaykulla	None
kutichispa	None
ispana	None
amat'ituchunchu	Third person Singular
chahcharqan	Third person Singular
aynisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mayllakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawrayninnaq	None
hat'allin	Third person Singular
alqapi	None
kayniykunantin	None
suk'ankunanka	None
yallisqankichik	Second person Plural
wantuq	None
sallanchikkunarayku	None
siqsi	None
hunyaychik	Second person Plural
chahraysisaq	First person Singular
watasaq	First person Singular
amach'illuchaychu	Second person Singular
chahracharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyrunkukunata	None
sayasqankichik	Second person Plural
hawinku	Third person Plural
ch'ullullullusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llulmisqanki	Second person Singular
amaimanachunchu	Third person Singular
kachinchikkunamanta	None
thitiykukunahina	None
yallirqanki	Second person Singular
amach'akichunchu	Third person Singular
munan	Third person Singular
q'iwisqa	None
chakachanqaku	Third person Plural
p'ampacharqanki	Second person Singular
awqakunata	None
qunuchun	Third person Singular
haymarqankichik	Second person Plural
achurasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apiykunaman	None
watyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiraray	Second person Singular
amawatukuychu	Second person Singular
lluqsisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaatiychu	Second person Singular
yaqullaykiwan	None
ayninpi	None
wawqinhina	None
rikch'ayninchikkunarayku	None
yupanamanta	None
ñit'irqanku	Third person Plural
pisqunchikpa	None
kutichisqanki	Second person Singular
wañunku	Third person Plural
watusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qhichwaykichikman	None
yanachunku	Third person Plural
allparqan	Third person Singular
churiyachunku	Third person Plural
yapaykichiknintin	None
kaypi	None
willaspa	None
tarpuq	None
amaqaraychikchu	Second person Plural
waqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rikurisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saksarqanku	Third person Plural
q'ipiynintin	None
chapinnarqani	First person Singular
atinku	Third person Plural
aysayninkuhina	None
amaakachunchu	Third person Singular
kuraqniykunaman	None
huchayta	None
awan	Third person Singular
tiyanan	None
p'uchqusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ispanku	Third person Plural
mañayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
parlasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupiykichikkunantin	None
amuyasaq	First person Singular
amallullaychikchu	Second person Plural
chanqasqanku	Third person Plural
pituyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
humint'anku	Third person Plural
amayupaychachunchu	Third person Singular
hanuk'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
alayrichinku	Third person Plural
q'apayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hawiyniykikunapaq	None
kunasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aywasqankichik	Second person Plural
phawaykacharqankichik	Second person Plural
wamra	None
ankallikurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñunakunku	Third person Plural
amaasichunchu	Third person Singular
amahat'allichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amachasqani	First person Singular
kawsayninta	None
kichachunku	Third person Plural
kallpachunku	Third person Plural
ayqispa	None
waki	None
chaparqanki	Second person Singular
aynikuna	None
qispirqan	Third person Singular
takarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
willkachun	Third person Singular
ikmayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asipayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaasuykuychikchu	Second person Plural
tutaychik	Second person Plural
aypuriychik	Second person Plural
q'ararqankichik	Second person Plural
mitman	Third person Singular
raqacha	None
ayqiyniykunanka	None
willkarqan	Third person Singular
chulluchichun	Third person Singular
apiywan	None
llik'isaq	First person Singular
simp'arqanku	Third person Plural
ichararqanku	Third person Plural
hamanq'aynkukunamanta	None
qillqaqhaway	Second person Singular
sirisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaañaychaychu	Second person Singular
huñuysiychik	Second person Plural
mikhusqankichik	Second person Plural
allichasqan	Third person Singular
tipini	First person Singular
asut'irqanki	Second person Singular
p'itisqan	Third person Singular
munarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'uychinkunanka	None
llamkhasqanku	Third person Plural
amachanrararaychu	Second person Singular
llallisqa	None
alqani	First person Singular
hanyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yaqullaykichikpura	None
huchachakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'ipiy	Second person Singular
qullqita	None
hawkachun	Third person Singular
waylluyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tamyanchikkunapura	None
chanqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qisahina	None
amahaylliychu	Second person Singular
amaarmaychikchu	Second person Plural
ichhurqani	First person Singular
ñust'aykukunannaq	None
chulluchisqanku	Third person Plural
siminta	None
suk'achun	Third person Singular
qichusqanku	Third person Plural
ch'achusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawraykumanta	None
asut'iy	Second person Singular
chutanku	Third person Plural
k'anchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñisqan	Third person Singular
wananku	Third person Plural
kaylla	None
p'itisqanku	Third person Plural
rurani	First person Singular
hink'isqankichik	Second person Plural
khuchiykunamanta	None
huq'ucharqani	First person Singular
killamanta	None
taripayniykipura	None
waqachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tupaqninkunnaq	None
suysurqan	Third person Singular
grasyaykunapaq	None
uywan	None
rikuchirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wayt'arqanki	Second person Singular
amahap'iychikchu	Second person Plural
pisquykukunarayku	None
qullamanta	None
ñawirinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pampapi	None
wasin	None
ch'irwarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rikuriyniykikunannaq	None
qhaway	Second person Singular
amarurachunkuchu	Third person Plural
awsarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'ipini	First person Singular
tayta	None
thatkin	Third person Singular
atinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amathuñichunchu	Third person Singular
k'umusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pusasqan	Third person Singular
manchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaqunuychu	Second person Singular
uninqa	Third person Singular
anchayarqanku	Third person Plural
utqarqanki	Second person Singular
tipirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupiykichikpi	None
qaranchikkunapaq	None
hawkasqan	Third person Singular
qasasqankichik	Second person Plural
mink'ani	First person Singular
chuhchuchunku	Third person Plural
llanthunkukunap	None
imarayku	None
llaqwayniypa	None
pukllana	None
ischucharqankichik	Second person Plural
siqsiykunakama	None
qallachun	Third person Singular
rumirqanku	Third person Plural
mañan	Third person Singular
ch'uhtananchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kutichisqankichik	Second person Plural
yachachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aypurirqanki	Second person Singular
ñukñuykukunawan	None
alqasqanki	Second person Singular
watusqankichik	Second person Plural
mitikusqankichik	Second person Plural
rikch'achun	Third person Singular
amañarqanki	Second person Singular
qallariynin	None
allicharqanku	Third person Plural
sayarinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amap'itiychu	Second person Singular
sukanchikpura	None
wawqi	None
k'uychiykichikkunalla	None
pantasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hurquychik	Second person Plural
kunachunku	Third person Plural
pallaykichikkunahina	None
amapuquychikchu	Second person Plural
irpasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruraqniykichikninka	None
amañasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chuhchurqan	Third person Singular
sut'inlla	None
wach'iykichikkunawan	None
tarirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allipunakusqanku	Third person Plural
ch'uyancharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kanichunku	Third person Plural
amamaqanakuychu	Second person Singular
tantarqanki	Second person Singular
ayllunkukunalla	None
ñawpaykipa	None
ispayninkukunapaq	None
hik'ipakunqaku	Third person Plural
hant'arqarqankichik	Second person Plural
puñurqani	First person Singular
ayllukuna	None
paskanchikkunapi	None
taqtaychik	Second person Plural
qasasqani	First person Singular
wakipi	None
hayratachiychik	Second person Plural
amawarkuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
sat'iyninkukunannaq	None
mitmarqanki	Second person Singular
kunayninpaq	None
aymurani	First person Singular
hallp'irqanki	Second person Singular
p'akiykichikkunapaq	None
p'uchqusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llamp'urqani	First person Singular
amatakuychu	Second person Singular
sutisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rak'inku	Third person Plural
ch'iqtasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
umanpi	None
waskasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'unqasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aqtunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
uyarqanki	Second person Singular
mink'asqankichik	Second person Plural
qhinchachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yupaykuna	None
amach'iquchunkuchu	Third person Plural
rurasqani	First person Singular
amaashichunchu	Third person Singular
khachusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amasawachunchu	Third person Singular
antachasqan	Third person Singular
chichuyay	Second person Singular
charisqan	Third person Singular
anschurinku	Third person Plural
yupaychayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ikmayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kayrayku	None
t'aqaman	None
ch'aqini	First person Singular
ch'iqanasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpanasqani	First person Singular
hanaqniykukunamanta	None
ñawirisqanki	Second person Singular
atipachikuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
upa	None
khipun	Third person Singular
arinsaychik	Second person Plural
winarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqanku	Third person Plural
uynikuychik	Second person Plural
amatusuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
watyani	First person Singular
hunt'apusqani	First person Singular
hant'arqasqani	First person Singular
qhari	None
takusqankichik	Second person Plural
wach'isqan	Third person Singular
aynisaq	First person Singular
thasnurqanki	Second person Singular
iskaychasqanki	Second person Singular
qillqaykiwan	None
huch'uiyachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
samanku	Third person Plural
amaqayaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'akichikurqan	Third person Singular
maqakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mañasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pallaynkunaman	None
churana	None
chahraysisqani	First person Singular
paqarichunku	Third person Plural
wiqita	None
yurirqanku	Third person Plural
hut'kurqan	Third person Singular
nirqan	Third person Singular
unuyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'urpuchunku	Third person Plural
asllayachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wachayniykichikhina	None
urmarqani	First person Singular
chanqaykusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iqhasqani	First person Singular
suyakusqan	Third person Singular
yallirqan	Third person Singular
yapachunku	Third person Plural
yachachisqan	Third person Singular
amayuriychu	Second person Singular
nanayninkunka	None
ñawray	None
mañasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urquykichikrayku	None
askhayachirqanki	Second person Singular
sisankukunapi	None
harawirqankichik	Second person Plural
mitk'arqanki	Second person Singular
suyurqanku	Third person Plural
thuparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kinwa	None
mancharqani	First person Singular
amasisaychu	Second person Singular
kallcharqan	Third person Singular
watuyniykunata	None
rurun	Third person Singular
mayllay	Second person Singular
kapunku	Third person Plural
waqaq	None
awankarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amasuk'aychu	Second person Singular
q'imisqanki	Second person Singular
utqaycharqani	First person Singular
llamp'un	Third person Singular
mallinku	Third person Plural
yachachiqkunap	None
raphrayhina	None
chanrararani	First person Singular
quyanta	None
wakchaykunanka	None
wakita	None
chancharqankichik	Second person Plural
akani	First person Singular
alayrichisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'aphranasqan	Third person Singular
llama	None
watyarqanku	Third person Plural
chinpiychik	Second person Plural
ankuykunalla	None
apatatanku	Third person Plural
qurichirqanku	Third person Plural
paqtani	First person Singular
mallki	None
yachachisqani	First person Singular
ch'irwasqanku	Third person Plural
patachaykimanta	None
hallp'irqani	First person Singular
q'imisqankichik	Second person Plural
chulluchirqanku	Third person Plural
ch'akirqanku	Third person Plural
ñawinchasqanku	Third person Plural
pachan	None
sinchiykukuna	None
susurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phuyunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hinakunapura	None
phinkiyniykunakama	None
amachakuchunchu	Third person Singular
t'ituychik	Second person Plural
chiqchiykachasqankichik	Second person Plural
ayllunqa	Third person Singular
waqasqani	First person Singular
achuray	Second person Singular
ninayarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yañankukunantin	None
sawasqankichik	Second person Plural
paqtasqan	Third person Singular
wayrachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
haymasqanku	Third person Plural
yaykurqan	Third person Singular
rikurisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yarpachunku	Third person Plural
mallarqankichik	Second person Plural
phuyukunamanta	None
makikunapi	None
liwrukunata	None
chakannasqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'utisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaqasaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'ipurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llasarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amakhachuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
thantaykikunata	None
amachurpuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
achikyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allichinqa	Third person Singular
irqiyarqanku	Third person Plural
apaykurqanki	Second person Singular
rak'iyninkunamanta	None
lluqsisaq	First person Singular
ch'atayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
bahasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
willkachasqa	None
maqayninkukama	None
amachantaychikchu	Second person Plural
awankay	Second person Singular
pisiykukunanka	None
wamrankukunantin	None
suysusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkata	None
qunqasqankichik	Second person Plural
yupankunalla	None
amaamuyaychu	Second person Singular
rikuq	None
ch'usani	First person Singular
rantisqankichik	Second person Plural
ñit'ichun	Third person Singular
llamkhasqanki	Second person Singular
chapakusqankichik	Second person Plural
chincha	None
kutichinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uhtana	None
halarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkachisqankichik	Second person Plural
phutichun	Third person Singular
ruphachisaq	First person Singular
khuyay	Second person Singular
amaintuychu	Second person Singular
musphachunku	Third person Plural
qillqaqhawapachunku	Third person Plural
takikunata	None
thasasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amapantachunkuchu	Third person Plural
achachilla	None
hakupaq	None
phuyun	Third person Singular
ayqichirqan	Third person Singular
awqanakuchunku	Third person Plural
amayawnaychu	Second person Singular
much'asqan	Third person Singular
puna	None
mancharqankichik	Second person Plural
achhinqa	Third person Singular
ismarqanku	Third person Plural
chiqnina	None
uhunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pisirqanku	Third person Plural
q'imiyniykunakama	None
amachiriyachiychikchu	Second person Plural
qurichisqanki	Second person Singular
anchaykachanku	Third person Plural
ripuy	Second person Singular
sat'iyniykikunamanta	None
allquchanchiklla	None
achkachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tariparqanki	Second person Singular
amaiskayyachunchu	Third person Singular
q'apinkuna	None
takaywan	None
ninayninka	None
hiq'ipasqankichik	Second person Plural
antacharqanku	Third person Plural
asunku	Third person Plural
ch'iwkachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wayrapi	None
aypurichunku	Third person Plural
kuyurqan	Third person Singular
sansaykunapi	None
supayniykikuna	None
p'akichunku	Third person Plural
ispasaq	First person Singular
mañarqan	Third person Singular
yanayniykuwan	None
antikuna	None
llaqtaman	None
llasasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qharita	None
amach'akiychu	Second person Singular
asnasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pusayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wakcha	None
qayanku	Third person Plural
wanturqani	First person Singular
llullanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
arman	Third person Singular
uhusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sapaykinka	None
kamayuqta	None
wikch'unqaku	Third person Plural
qullparqan	Third person Singular
armasqan	Third person Singular
iskirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asnasqanki	Second person Singular
amauyarichunkuchu	Third person Plural
sawanku	Third person Plural
amataqtaychu	Second person Singular
amahayt'achunkuchu	Third person Plural
apakamunqa	Third person Singular
allipanakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wallpayniykichikninnaq	None
amasaksaychu	Second person Singular
llallirqanku	Third person Plural
musphanqaku	Third person Plural
apamusqan	Third person Singular
uyarqan	Third person Singular
mayllakurqanku	Third person Plural
ñawincharqanku	Third person Plural
allpayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chapatiyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
armanqa	Third person Singular
pañankunanka	None
sawarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
puquq	None
yupaychanku	Third person Plural
allquchakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
iskisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mitmasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamink'aychu	Second person Singular
tiqsisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'uhllani	First person Singular
paskasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iman	None
sallqaykurayku	None
mit'aykikunap	None
muyurqan	Third person Singular
chayamurqanki	Second person Singular
ch'usarqankichik	Second person Plural
pantayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamillachunchu	Third person Singular
paskasaq	First person Singular
quspa	None
chulluchinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'awaykikunantin	None
watasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asipayayninkupi	None
ch'ipihyasqankichik	Second person Plural
tupuynin	None
pakaychik	Second person Plural
chapukuni	First person Singular
hanuk'asqani	First person Singular
kuntiykihina	None
chanqaykukunku	Third person Plural
qillisqankichik	Second person Plural
amawich'qaychu	Second person Singular
suyunqa	Third person Singular
hark'arqani	First person Singular
maskharqankichik	Second person Plural
chihllunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phutirqan	Third person Singular
wiqinkuman	None
illapachawniykichikkunantin	None
ruphaychik	Second person Plural
tupuyniykikunakama	None
yachayninintin	None
wik'uñanchikkunannaq	None
atawniykunata	None
chanqaykunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apatatasqanku	Third person Plural
chinkanchikwan	None
simipi	None
yachachiychik	Second person Plural
arphayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yananqa	Third person Singular
rirpu	None
hiq'ipasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'iwiykiwan	None
ayqiykulla	None
chiriyachisqani	First person Singular
huchachakun	Third person Singular
munayniykukunap	None
ikmaykupi	None
amaapamuychu	Second person Singular
kallpanchikkuna	None
qullpachun	Third person Singular
saqichun	Third person Singular
hat'ansillani	First person Singular
llulmirqanki	Second person Singular
yawarnininka	None
apasqan	Third person Singular
pallarqanku	Third person Plural
ch'iqanachunku	Third person Plural
mutkhichunku	Third person Plural
amaharawichunkuchu	Third person Plural
hinasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ninayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiqaykunakama	None
humint'anchikkunalla	None
amachaskiykuychikchu	Second person Plural
atiychik	Second person Plural
ch'ullchuy	Second person Singular
asnan	Third person Singular
pallaynchikkunakama	None
rak'inchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atiy	Second person Singular
yawarniykichikman	None
hunt'apurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pakayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qispichisqankichik	Second person Plural
ninayasqankichik	Second person Plural
kuyurqankichik	Second person Plural
amaallpachunchu	Third person Singular
willaqniyninnaq	None
thatkinqaku	Third person Plural
achikyachunku	Third person Plural
hik'ipakusaq	First person Singular
tuqtu	None
anqusarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ankallikusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
musqusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qaparisqani	First person Singular
humint'aykukunata	None
allpayachirqanki	Second person Singular
huq'arinqaku	Third person Plural
haywakachan	Third person Singular
q'ararqanki	Second person Singular
qillqarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'impuyninhina	None
mallisqan	Third person Singular
rutunkunantin	None
ñit'isqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaq'ipiychu	Second person Singular
ñawillisqani	First person Singular
hunk'ankunarayku	None
amathatkichunkuchu	Third person Plural
masi	None
sinq'awan	None
saksayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'aranchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allinyachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amatusuychikchu	Second person Plural
amach'illuchachunchu	Third person Singular
kullarqanku	Third person Plural
suk'aychik	Second person Plural
aywasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pichayninkunka	None
wanuchun	Third person Singular
churakusqan	Third person Singular
achalakurqanku	Third person Plural
phaqsakama	None
iskaycharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hatarinqaku	Third person Plural
allpachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayqinqa	Third person Singular
amasat'ichunkuchu	Third person Plural
ñawrankunka	None
ruphachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqiyasqanku	Third person Plural
qapariyniykichikkunanka	None
aypanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amawich'qachunkuchu	Third person Plural
nananchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uhtanayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phukusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
allachun	Third person Singular
watana	None
chinkaykurqani	First person Singular
wanuni	First person Singular
tutayasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
waskayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chapusaq	First person Singular
ishkisqan	Third person Singular
t'aqsasqankichik	Second person Plural
chapatiyarqani	First person Singular
apakapurqani	First person Singular
ch'aphranasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sipiy	Second person Singular
qisaykichikninnaq	None
qillqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chimpachichunku	Third person Plural
amaqullpaychu	Second person Singular
saruyninkunanka	None
mitk'achunku	Third person Plural
chukunkunantin	None
upyarqankichik	Second person Plural
qhuruyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutayninninnaq	None
suysurqanku	Third person Plural
allinchan	Third person Singular
aymurasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'illmipakun	Third person Singular
ullantay	None
huhllarqani	First person Singular
amayaykuychu	Second person Singular
ch'ipihyasaq	First person Singular
nisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
raphinkunapi	None
awsayninkukunamanta	None
yuyasqani	First person Singular
amachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achalasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phuyuychik	Second person Plural
kawsaypaq	None
qununku	Third person Plural
wasinpi	None
mikhusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
saqirqankichik	Second person Plural
chulluchirqanki	Second person Singular
apaykunku	Third person Plural
sinchiyarqan	Third person Singular
huch'uiyanku	Third person Plural
chukunkunka	None
t'ikranninnaq	None
maywasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tiyamurqan	Third person Singular
rantikuynintin	None
achuraychik	Second person Plural
amaachuraychikchu	Second person Plural
kañinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aynirqanki	Second person Singular
amakachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amakutichiychikchu	Second person Plural
amaphaqsaychu	Second person Singular
ñawraypaq	None
sirasqan	Third person Singular
uywap	None
utqasqanku	Third person Plural
hink'inqaku	Third person Plural
qusinkunantin	None
aysayniywan	None
chinkakapuy	Second person Singular
amakaniychikchu	Second person Plural
amallulmichunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'aphchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'illmipakurqani	First person Singular
ch'aqlasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'arasaq	First person Singular
chiqnisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amuyanku	Third person Plural
t'ipiykikunarayku	None
yarqayniylla	None
wamphunintin	None
lliphllisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
machayninchikmanta	None
amawanaychu	Second person Singular
taki	None
arawarqani	First person Singular
amawillaychikchu	Second person Plural
kaymanta	None
qillinqaku	Third person Plural
achalachirqanku	Third person Plural
tupanku	Third person Plural
khatakunawan	None
yurakunap	None
maqanakuy	Second person Singular
tutanqa	Third person Singular
hampinqa	Third person Singular
amuntin	None
hark'ayninka	None
simp'ap	None
icharan	Third person Singular
llaqtakunaman	None
huqarisqanki	Second person Singular
chiraraychik	Second person Plural
huq'uchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hark'arqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ischuchachunku	Third person Plural
tutakunapi	None
haywarisqani	First person Singular
upallaykunka	None
ch'uyayachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'ikrasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
añaynichirqanki	Second person Singular
armakusqanku	Third person Plural
huñuysichun	Third person Singular
ch'akichun	Third person Singular
amat'ustuychikchu	Second person Plural
rumimanta	None
ayllunakusqanki	Second person Singular
rantikuyniykupi	None
chinruykachinqa	Third person Singular
mirachun	Third person Singular
chiraranku	Third person Plural
chiqachakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chanqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amañarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tukuna	None
waqayninpura	None
Dyuspi	None
hanyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tarpurqanku	Third person Plural
hayllisqan	Third person Singular
kachinkukunamanta	None
mikhunaykilla	None
sutita	None
amachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
unqunqa	Third person Singular
tiyay	Second person Singular
asut'irqan	Third person Singular
aypaq	None
parlayniykunap	None
illachun	Third person Singular
armarqan	Third person Singular
mañarqanki	Second person Singular
amahunyaychu	Second person Singular
huq'arirqankichik	Second person Plural
hamun	Third person Singular
yapasqani	First person Singular
thantaykinka	None
mikhunaykunawan	None
pichasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'aqanchik	None
amuykunka	None
churi	None
apichakunku	Third person Plural
q'imikuchun	Third person Singular
tamyasaq	First person Singular
tiqsirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mikhusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
unquyniykukunapi	None
qillqayta	None
chanchachun	Third person Singular
phukuchunku	Third person Plural
chakannaychik	Second person Plural
chakatasqani	First person Singular
umanchikkunawan	None
atiyninchikkunarayku	None
asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khuyasqani	First person Singular
much'asqanki	Second person Singular
watukunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amamikhuchunchu	Third person Singular
ch'illmipakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rikurisaq	First person Singular
qurichisaq	First person Singular
sarurqanki	Second person Singular
chanqaykurqankichik	Second person Plural
suyuta	None
tipisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chuqin	None
chulluchiychik	Second person Plural
antinkuta	None
ch'uyanchanku	Third person Plural
wayrachinankunap	None
asuykusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tarisqan	Third person Singular
thasanqaku	Third person Plural
wakchaykukunapaq	None
wich'qanqaku	Third person Plural
hurqunku	Third person Plural
willkaychik	Second person Plural
chaskiykuni	First person Singular
wawakunap	None
hich'aychik	Second person Plural
wiñanku	Third person Plural
tiksip	None
ch'iqusqan	Third person Singular
chayamunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'akayasqanki	Second person Singular
huñunakusqani	First person Singular
armasqani	First person Singular
ch'aqlarqanku	Third person Plural
amahark'aychu	Second person Singular
ch'aqwarqankichik	Second person Plural
yachaq	None
saksarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'akayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qhurusqankichik	Second person Plural
quyllurniykichikkunantin	None
ch'uychurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awannay	Second person Singular
makiykukunalla	None
haywariy	Second person Singular
arphayarqan	Third person Singular
chullusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkachirqanku	Third person Plural
thuñichun	Third person Singular
awsasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaapaysiychikchu	Second person Plural
amaq'apichunkuchu	Third person Plural
ayqisqanku	Third person Plural
ispapakurqani	First person Singular
amarikuychikchu	Second person Plural
ischuchasqani	First person Singular
wanasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hant'arqarqani	First person Singular
q'iwiykulla	None
payllankukunata	None
watuykunata	None
mirarqan	Third person Singular
ch'utirqani	First person Singular
rikuy	Second person Singular
waqachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyachunku	Third person Plural
hunt'asqankichik	Second person Plural
wayllusqanku	Third person Plural
hampinku	Third person Plural
wañun	Third person Singular
intip	None
kunaq	None
wamrankunanka	None
pichana	None
pachapaq	None
ch'atay	Second person Singular
yuyana	None
ariy	None
amaqichuychikchu	Second person Plural
hink'isaq	First person Singular
muyuyniykichikpura	None
ninanchikkunanka	None
intichawniykichikkunamanta	None
amaarqhipaychu	Second person Singular
ch'uyayachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atipachawkunapi	None
mitk'aykukunap	None
amapaskachunkuchu	Third person Plural
sayanku	Third person Plural
asuykusqani	First person Singular
allichirqan	Third person Singular
ch'usachun	Third person Singular
hant'arqarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llaqwayniykita	None
ch'asparqan	Third person Singular
waqachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hapanku	Third person Plural
kumusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sat'iyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kaypaq	None
rimachina	None
p'uchqunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amatakuchunchu	Third person Singular
achikyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wamp'usaq	First person Singular
kutichirqankichik	Second person Plural
sususaq	First person Singular
lluqsiykikuna	None
rantikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wichachun	Third person Singular
amachayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kapunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rimarqan	Third person Singular
haymarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tantankunata	None
ch'arancharqani	First person Singular
chakachikurqani	First person Singular
ismuspa	None
sawachun	Third person Singular
waqyaykuna	None
atin	Third person Singular
willkachaychik	Second person Plural
ayllupi	None
amasumaychikchu	Second person Plural
rutuychik	Second person Plural
hephq'anqa	Third person Singular
amat'aqsaychikchu	Second person Plural
yaykuna	None
amayachakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
sumayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chullusqan	Third person Singular
marq'ayninchikkunakama	None
ayllunakunqaku	Third person Plural
chiqnirqani	First person Singular
haratasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urmarqan	Third person Singular
humint'asqan	Third person Singular
sayariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
armakurqani	First person Singular
paqtayniyhina	None
willkacharqankichik	Second person Plural
amaachurachunchu	Third person Singular
harawanqa	Third person Singular
siran	Third person Singular
kutiykikunamanta	None
tiksiykichikkunahina	None
willarqan	Third person Singular
amañasqan	Third person Singular
llikllanrayku	None
asut'iyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qispichisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
machani	First person Singular
apana	None
sunqumanta	None
qhinchaykipa	None
hamunqaku	Third person Plural
pukaraychik	Second person Plural
mikhusqa	None
yarquychik	Second person Plural
kusiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puchqachun	Third person Singular
willasaq	First person Singular
wampu	None
hinay	Second person Singular
qallaykichikkunantin	None
apiykichikkunahina	None
yanapachun	Third person Singular
ukhunpi	None
rawrayniykipi	None
amaintuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
yuyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hunt'achisqanki	Second person Singular
wañuyman	None
uturunkuykikama	None
amach'unqachunchu	Third person Singular
llallinka	None
p'uchqusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ikmayarqankichik	Second person Plural
yurata	None
uynikurqani	First person Singular
thuñisqankichik	Second person Plural
urarqani	First person Singular
saqirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakurqankichik	Second person Plural
alayrichisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sinchiyanqa	Third person Singular
tutayasaq	First person Singular
chiqnikusqankichik	Second person Plural
thupay	Second person Singular
llanthupaq	None
yarparqanku	Third person Plural
mutkhirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hina	None
ch'askachawninchikrayku	None
amakutaychu	Second person Singular
rantinqaku	Third person Plural
chapatiyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'arqayan	Third person Singular
ch'aranchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sirinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tuta	None
qunurqankichik	Second person Plural
aycharasqanki	Second person Singular
kachuychik	Second person Plural
phallchankukunapaq	None
sallqapi	None
mikhusqanku	Third person Plural
thuparqanku	Third person Plural
arphayachun	Third person Singular
warkurqani	First person Singular
allicharqan	Third person Singular
munayniykuhina	None
musqucharqanki	Second person Singular
ispaykichikkunalla	None
haratanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kapuychik	Second person Plural
machasqa	None
ch'allanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupankip	None
anqusanku	Third person Plural
atipachaw	None
achurasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kullasqanku	Third person Plural
amaawñichunkuchu	Third person Plural
tamyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kuskanchik	None
hark'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chala	None
p'amparqani	First person Singular
ch'irwasaq	First person Singular
ch'iqanani	First person Singular
qunuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amasuq'uchunchu	Third person Singular
pichasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puqun	Third person Singular
kunasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phinkirqankichik	Second person Plural
armachun	Third person Singular
iqhanku	Third person Plural
phinkirqanki	Second person Singular
amamutkhiychikchu	Second person Plural
quwiypa	None
phuyuchun	Third person Singular
amaqallarichunkuchu	Third person Plural
ñawincharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amawallpaychikchu	Second person Plural
chiqanninkunakama	None
amakapuchunchu	Third person Singular
pukllarqani	First person Singular
wayrarqanku	Third person Plural
chayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qishyasqanku	Third person Plural
pampachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'ampachasqani	First person Singular
tiqsinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allinchachunku	Third person Plural
simimanta	None
anqusarqanku	Third person Plural
sawarqan	Third person Singular
puqusqa	None
hiq'ipachunku	Third person Plural
puqunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kanka	None
mallasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'iqanarqani	First person Singular
hunyasqanku	Third person Plural
awannarqanku	Third person Plural
amaapakamuychu	Second person Singular
ayñirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'iwkachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awñisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qillqaqhawapan	Third person Singular
asichun	Third person Singular
ch'usarqan	Third person Singular
siqsini	First person Singular
kusinqa	Third person Singular
allqu	None
t'ikranku	Third person Plural
ayniyniypura	None
punkirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinruykachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huhllay	Second person Singular
asuykurqani	First person Singular
kana	None
asirqanku	Third person Plural
mallachun	Third person Singular
hak'unchikkunakama	None
watunpaq	None
ch'atasqankichik	Second person Plural
pampachasqankichik	Second person Plural
kallpayninkupi	None
phawaykachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wayrachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawiyniykichikpi	None
ch'atasqan	Third person Singular
pallarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lluqsinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
maqanakurqanki	Second person Singular
pusarqan	Third person Singular
huch'uiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mirayniykichikninka	None
tipiy	Second person Singular
chakatasqanku	Third person Plural
kunturninpa	None
ismana	None
alqankuna	None
llakinku	Third person Plural
urqup	None
harawinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pañaykichik	None
iñini	First person Singular
pirqachunku	Third person Plural
q'uchunwan	None
sinchiyaychik	Second person Plural
