ch'ullchusqanki	Second person Singular
qillqaypi	None
khallkirqanku	Third person Plural
amakumuychu	Second person Singular
hatarisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
p'unchawniykumanta	None
allwisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tutayasqani	First person Singular
paranqaku	Third person Plural
chaskisqankichik	Second person Plural
qhinchachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
asllayachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aysasqanki	Second person Singular
wasinmanta	None
yaqullasqanku	Third person Plural
rikuchisqa	None
ch'iqanarqankichik	Second person Plural
akllasqan	Third person Singular
amaachalachiychikchu	Second person Plural
amaismuychu	Second person Singular
chuhchusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amasamaychikchu	Second person Plural
sukaykunapura	None
muyaypi	None
amahaywachunchu	Third person Singular
pararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tampumanta	None
huhyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kunununurqanki	Second person Singular
chiqa	None
qispisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpayachisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
mink'aykikunapi	None
nisaq	First person Singular
llimphirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saruy	Second person Singular
waqta	None
ñawirinku	Third person Plural
ninayani	First person Singular
ch'uspankupa	None
hank'achun	Third person Singular
amachuhchannaychu	Second person Singular
uhup	None
hapanqaku	Third person Plural
haymasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chanqiyarqankichik	Second person Plural
chayamusqanki	Second person Singular
hayt'an	Third person Singular
tupayniykukuna	None
amasinq'aychikchu	Second person Plural
mitikun	Third person Singular
ayñiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hayt'arqanku	Third person Plural
pallarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pukaranintin	None
q'iwiykikunapura	None
hanpuni	First person Singular
allinchanqa	Third person Singular
añaychasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
winanqaku	Third person Plural
khuyarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uhtasqanku	Third person Plural
ispa	None
hak'uchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rantin	Third person Singular
amaqasachunkuchu	Third person Plural
qapariyninka	None
hunp'isqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phuyuyninkukunalla	None
haywasqani	First person Singular
tukurqan	Third person Singular
qaparisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachayanpuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'illuchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
maywayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hinayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kurakanchikhina	None
aykhurqankichik	Second person Plural
usay	None
huñisqanki	Second person Singular
puchka	None
watukunku	Third person Plural
muyuna	None
sunqunku	None
supisqanki	Second person Singular
chariychik	Second person Plural
wichayninkunaman	None
amaakaychikchu	Second person Plural
amaasnaychu	Second person Singular
wantunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hik'isqankichik	Second person Plural
simikunata	None
paqtarqan	Third person Singular
ismuchunku	Third person Plural
qallaykikunanka	None
yupanchik	None
chamqasqan	Third person Singular
achiwanchikmanta	None
t'iturqan	Third person Singular
ñaqch'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
punkiy	Second person Singular
llik'irqan	Third person Singular
wañunqaku	Third person Plural
ch'uhtani	First person Singular
aqhayanqaku	Third person Plural
ch'akirqan	Third person Singular
amaallinchaychikchu	Second person Plural
chinkakapurqankichik	Second person Plural
puquna	None
achalakurqani	First person Singular
hunt'apuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aylluman	None
urmanqaku	Third person Plural
musqurqanku	Third person Plural
rurukunamanta	None
ch'illchichichunku	Third person Plural
aquchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kamayuq	None
hayt'anchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñisqanku	Third person Plural
thuñisqan	Third person Singular
ayniyninchikkunantin	None
amawatyachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'uqchusaq	First person Singular
chakiykuta	None
tampuykunahina	None
paraykichikpura	None
amapichachunkuchu	Third person Plural
kawsay	Second person Singular
takaq	None
p'ampachanqaku	Third person Plural
awñichun	Third person Singular
ayqisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sarusqanki	Second person Singular
kasqa	None
chantasqa	None
runakunaman	None
suyakurqankichik	Second person Plural
kallpasqan	Third person Singular
amawallpachunchu	Third person Singular
amawiñachunchu	Third person Singular
pallanqa	Third person Singular
llik'inqaku	Third person Plural
amawt'ankumanta	None
uyayniykunata	None
hampirqanku	Third person Plural
allichisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
runapura	None
hink'ini	First person Singular
qhariykunalla	None
wayt'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aspirqani	First person Singular
ch'aphranani	First person Singular
llallisqani	First person Singular
illapachawniykikunawan	None
puchkasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawiy	Second person Singular
qatankunata	None
asusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñisqa	None
atilchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
manchasqanku	Third person Plural
intimanta	None
saksay	Second person Singular
tikankunarayku	None
lluqsirqan	Third person Singular
chankay	None
atikan	Third person Singular
lliphllinqa	Third person Singular
allipanakusqan	Third person Singular
khallkachikurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
khuyarqan	Third person Singular
chaninchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawrakuna	None
sayk'uynqa	Third person Singular
hawiyninlla	None
marq'ankukunahina	None
huhyasqankichik	Second person Plural
añiy	Second person Singular
allqucharayku	None
mink'ayniykikunaman	None
sutip	None
amapakaychu	Second person Singular
huñuysirqanku	Third person Plural
bahachun	Third person Singular
amasayk'uyychu	Second person Singular
aysay	Second person Singular
puriq	None
ñawinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaallichachunchu	Third person Singular
hap'iychik	Second person Plural
ch'uspakunapi	None
ch'arancharqankichik	Second person Plural
asipayayninkunanka	None
ñawinchan	Third person Singular
haywarisqan	Third person Singular
khallkachikunqa	Third person Singular
ninapi	None
waqachisqani	First person Singular
harawanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wañuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
takanku	Third person Plural
kuyusqanku	Third person Plural
amahumint'achunkuchu	Third person Plural
killachawniykikunanka	None
wamrakunata	None
aychararqanki	Second person Singular
allinyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sipisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
astakurqanku	Third person Plural
phawayniykikunap	None
manchanqa	Third person Singular
kay	Second person Singular
suysunku	Third person Plural
uynikurqanki	Second person Singular
amatiyaychu	Second person Singular
rumirqankichik	Second person Plural
siqsiychik	Second person Plural
hink'isqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phuru	None
amaqhinchachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ichhurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amahunt'achunchu	Third person Singular
apamuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyan	Third person Singular
nanay	Second person Singular
qillqanchikkunata	None
puchqasqani	First person Singular
kutana	None
ripuwlikaykipura	None
qillqap	None
kuchusqanki	Second person Singular
qillqaqhawapasqani	First person Singular
ch'ipchinpura	None
wanurqanku	Third person Plural
pantasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
watukusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yanusqanku	Third person Plural
armakusaq	First person Singular
yupay	None
allichasaq	First person Singular
yallinqa	Third person Singular
achanqarayninchikmanta	None
yachakuqkuna	None
atawniykupa	None
mink'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chayanpuchunku	Third person Plural
sinchiyayninrayku	None
amahampiychu	Second person Singular
kallchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
quwiykukunannaq	None
puñuna	None
q'apin	Third person Singular
kutasqanku	Third person Plural
tantachunku	Third person Plural
kanirqanku	Third person Plural
yapanchikkunanka	None
llalliyhina	None
qusinmanta	None
achikyan	Third person Singular
suq'urqankichik	Second person Plural
alqa	None
amalayqaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'aqlani	First person Singular
phutisqanku	Third person Plural
chapakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hakuykama	None
amawanuchunchu	Third person Singular
yanapaq	None
tikakunata	None
amahumint'aychu	Second person Singular
wasipi	None
apatatasqankichik	Second person Plural
rikch'ayniyki	None
allquchakurqani	First person Singular
qharinlla	None
kinwaykilla	None
sayay	Second person Singular
urpiykichikkunarayku	None
qallarqanki	Second person Singular
larasqani	First person Singular
armakunalla	None
kicharqan	Third person Singular
yuramanta	None
munaspa	None
tarpuyninkukunamanta	None
paskasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
waqarqankichik	Second person Plural
chihllunqaku	Third person Plural
pukaranchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kuyuna	None
arawan	Third person Singular
iñisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aymurasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aysasqan	Third person Singular
chiqayku	None
suni	None
kutayniykikunannaq	None
q'apasqanki	Second person Singular
allachunku	Third person Plural
munasqanku	Third person Plural
kapuyniykukunaman	None
amahuchachakuchunchu	Third person Singular
manqu	None
añikurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chukunchikkunapaq	None
munarqankichik	Second person Plural
yurinrayku	None
illaykichikkunannaq	None
huhllarqanku	Third person Plural
saksayniykichik	None
kanchaychik	Second person Plural
wantuni	First person Singular
ch'aphranasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allana	None
karruyman	None
amaaysaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'akichisqanki	Second person Singular
yaqullanchikrayku	None
tusuyniykichikkunarayku	None
ch'uhllasaq	First person Singular
qhapaqniykunahina	None
allipanakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anchacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'imiykukama	None
wamp'usqan	Third person Singular
yupaychachunku	Third person Plural
allpanasqan	Third person Singular
allichasqanki	Second person Singular
chiqchiykachay	Second person Singular
sutinpi	None
ichhunanwan	None
amach'aqwaychikchu	Second person Plural
rawrarqan	Third person Singular
ninasaq	First person Singular
chahraysisqankichik	Second person Plural
tukurqanku	Third person Plural
atiyninnaq	None
ruphachisqan	Third person Singular
kawsaymanta	None
ishkisqanku	Third person Plural
urmayninkuntin	None
p'ampachanku	Third person Plural
chinkakapusaq	First person Singular
qishyan	Third person Singular
amaqurichiychu	Second person Singular
wayrachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apatatanqaku	Third person Plural
sutin	Third person Singular
sinq'an	Third person Singular
amahat'ansillachunchu	Third person Singular
huqariyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tipinchikkunapaq	None
aqhankukunawan	None
phutisqanki	Second person Singular
sirani	First person Singular
aywasaq	First person Singular
ismaspa	None
qayay	Second person Singular
puñurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
willaqninchikpaq	None
simiwan	None
pukyurqanku	Third person Plural
antachachun	Third person Singular
sipiq	None
chinchay	None
akarqanku	Third person Plural
runanku	None
anschurichisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phiñantin	None
yawarniykiwan	None
tiksisqan	Third person Singular
takiyninkukunalla	None
yallirqani	First person Singular
khata	None
ichhusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'unqachun	Third person Singular
rinqaku	Third person Plural
ullantayniykichikkunapaq	None
lluqsinkuta	None
rirqan	Third person Singular
unuymanta	None
haywarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chahrakurqan	Third person Singular
q'ipichun	Third person Singular
llaqtanpi	None
amachiriyachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
hayllisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
lluq'iymanta	None
armarqani	First person Singular
huch'uiyasqankichik	Second person Plural
maqanakurqan	Third person Singular
hayt'anku	Third person Plural
p'akinku	Third person Plural
ullpukunarayku	None
kumusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allasqanku	Third person Plural
kachasqan	Third person Singular
ullpukurqani	First person Singular
amaqillqaqhawaychikchu	Second person Plural
rimarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yapusqani	First person Singular
sunqunchikkunahina	None
mañasqani	First person Singular
wallparqanku	Third person Plural
urmachun	Third person Singular
pachakunamanta	None
amachuraychikchu	Second person Plural
umallinchikninka	None
uman	None
huñun	Third person Singular
suyarqan	Third person Singular
hampirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'uychurqan	Third person Singular
khallkisqani	First person Singular
hat'allisaq	First person Singular
pallquchun	Third person Singular
amakachachunchu	Third person Singular
aychaykichikkuna	None
llakiychik	Second person Plural
harchiyasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wach'isqankichik	Second person Plural
qillinqa	Third person Singular
wakinkuna	None
phawasaq	First person Singular
ripuwlikankunamanta	None
ch'aqisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'akichirqan	Third person Singular
masikuna	None
amaaylluchunkuchu	Third person Plural
uyarini	First person Singular
pawanqa	Third person Singular
hunt'achisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pichanqa	Third person Singular
wayllunku	Third person Plural
wichanqa	Third person Singular
atawninkunapi	None
yapusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hamusqa	None
hanaq	None
rurana	None
hank'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awñiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
khallkachikurqani	First person Singular
llaqtanpa	None
mañasqan	Third person Singular
irqiyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
parankunata	None
atisqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'aqchusaq	First person Singular
paninintin	None
unqusqankichik	Second person Plural
asiyninchikkunata	None
chinpini	First person Singular
churakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayllunakuchun	Third person Singular
uyarinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chuchuyasaq	First person Singular
purisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chanqiyaychik	Second person Plural
suk'achunku	Third person Plural
ch'isiyanku	Third person Plural
kawsayninmanta	None
wamrakuna	None
samarqani	First person Singular
kutin	Third person Singular
aspisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'uyñunta	None
uynin	Third person Singular
ashisaq	First person Singular
chanqaykurqanku	Third person Plural
achurarqani	First person Singular
maqakunqaku	Third person Plural
kallparqanku	Third person Plural
asipayaspa	None
irpasaq	First person Singular
takirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qillqayman	None
watay	Second person Singular
rimachirqanku	Third person Plural
qispiyniykuta	None
mayllasaq	First person Singular
t'ituy	Second person Singular
mink'anqaku	Third person Plural
sukanqaku	Third person Plural
achalasqanki	Second person Singular
amahanuk'aychu	Second person Singular
awqanakusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkarparirqan	Third person Singular
amamusquychikchu	Second person Plural
saqina	None
aysayninkunamanta	None
chahchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aynini	First person Singular
amat'aqsaychu	Second person Singular
muyurqani	First person Singular
yuyarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amatipichunchu	Third person Singular
chawpiyninnaq	None
tupaychik	Second person Plural
amahuchachakuychu	Second person Singular
qallarqanku	Third person Plural
wathiyaykikunahina	None
hark'achun	Third person Singular
chankap	None
ch'iqichichun	Third person Singular
amahark'aychikchu	Second person Plural
wanakuypura	None
amahunt'aychikchu	Second person Plural
chinkaykuy	Second person Singular
chiqachakurqanku	Third person Plural
thasay	Second person Singular
amakaniychu	Second person Singular
hut'uyachun	Third person Singular
añikuychik	Second person Plural
yurakunamanta	None
ch'uychun	Third person Singular
khuyanrayku	None
illapanku	Third person Plural
tupaqninchikpi	None
awqa	None
chapinnasqanki	Second person Singular
qallariy	Second person Singular
arqhipan	Third person Singular
añikurqani	First person Singular
q'apiykikunannaq	None
chahrakurqankichik	Second person Plural
mitikuchunku	Third person Plural
awannachun	Third person Singular
amarurachunchu	Third person Singular
añaynichisaq	First person Singular
uynikuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamarq'achunchu	Third person Singular
chawpiypa	None
rak'iyninkukunamanta	None
akarqankichik	Second person Plural
churpuchun	Third person Singular
watuy	Second person Singular
iskiy	Second person Singular
kañirqanki	Second person Singular
qurichisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kuskalla	None
hut'kuychik	Second person Plural
apichakunqa	Third person Singular
allpasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hamurpanqa	Third person Singular
llullachunku	Third person Plural
hakunchikpi	None
harwirqanki	Second person Singular
mayllaykunarayku	None
chanqaykunqa	Third person Singular
p'akiykumanta	None
awqapura	None
ñawinchanku	Third person Plural
pisisqanku	Third person Plural
intunku	Third person Plural
amaischuchaychikchu	Second person Plural
rikurisqani	First person Singular
churiyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pantarqanku	Third person Plural
amakaychikchu	Second person Plural
awqarqan	Third person Singular
amatapuychikchu	Second person Plural
wakikuna	None
llulmisqanku	Third person Plural
aychaykintin	None
siqsinnaq	None
phawarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awsarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kañisqan	Third person Singular
ch'uqchunqa	Third person Singular
chaninchachunku	Third person Plural
puchqanku	Third person Plural
harawinkukunamanta	None
amasamachunchu	Third person Singular
puqurqanki	Second person Singular
apiykichikninka	None
huch'uiyachini	First person Singular
amach'allachunchu	Third person Singular
hamuy	Second person Singular
churachun	Third person Singular
amasirachunkuchu	Third person Plural
kumuni	First person Singular
ninayayninkukunamanta	None
munaq	None
rantinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawillisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachayninchikkunamanta	None
ñawillinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huñunakuchun	Third person Singular
chakachikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawillisqanku	Third person Plural
sumayniykichikta	None
quriykikunaman	None
amaanqusaychu	Second person Singular
tarpurqanki	Second person Singular
kachurqankichik	Second person Plural
amaq'iwiychu	Second person Singular
chihlluychik	Second person Plural
uhu	None
amachahraysiychikchu	Second person Plural
rakipi	None
amach'uqchuychikchu	Second person Plural
amaaquchachunchu	Third person Singular
wallpasqa	None
marq'ay	Second person Singular
rankhiykukunaman	None
suka	None
chirararqani	First person Singular
kachita	None
apaykuy	Second person Singular
hakuykunarayku	None
chaninchaq	None
atini	First person Singular
yachachirqan	Third person Singular
churarqani	First person Singular
taytaypaq	None
paniykikunantin	None
ñawilliychik	Second person Plural
yunkay	None
q'apay	Second person Singular
huq'arisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chinkachirqanki	Second person Singular
tutayarqanki	Second person Singular
nisqan	Third person Singular
amahut'kuychu	Second person Singular
tiksisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
munarqan	Third person Singular
asnasqani	First person Singular
humint'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llakini	First person Singular
allpanasqankichik	Second person Plural
awñisqani	First person Singular
mikhuy	Second person Singular
chakannarqanki	Second person Singular
apichakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hallmasqani	First person Singular
sayan	Third person Singular
takiyniykichikwan	None
puchkarqankichik	Second person Plural
amaankallikuychikchu	Second person Plural
amachayanpuychikchu	Second person Plural
hark'ayninchikkunahina	None
pampacharqanku	Third person Plural
chukullikusqankichik	Second person Plural
chapinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rakin	None
anschiykachasqankichik	Second person Plural
pallqunqaku	Third person Plural
chamqasqankichik	Second person Plural
chihllusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
utqayniykupi	None
sayayniykunaman	None
rumin	Third person Singular
huñuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'impuchirqani	First person Singular
nini	First person Singular
hayt'ay	Second person Singular
paqarin	Third person Singular
kachiykichiklla	None
amasinchiyaychu	Second person Singular
chinkarparisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ishkinku	Third person Plural
millaykupi	None
amatayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amawt'aykunalla	None
huñinku	Third person Plural
rimaq	None
amaaypurichunkuchu	Third person Plural
sirarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awkiykuhina	None
hapani	First person Singular
wawaykichikkunapaq	None
chamqarqani	First person Singular
qhichwapi	None
willay	Second person Singular
mit'akunata	None
runaykilla	None
khallkachikusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hayt'achunku	Third person Plural
illaykunawan	None
willkasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wanakunintin	None
akllanku	Third person Plural
awsani	First person Singular
amachaskiykuchunchu	Third person Singular
churikuna	None
suyup	None
taqtan	Third person Singular
watun	Third person Singular
hinalla	None
unquni	First person Singular
ñaña	None
chinkaykipi	None
pawarqan	Third person Singular
amaq'apiychikchu	Second person Plural
yachanqa	Third person Singular
amaapaysichunchu	Third person Singular
yanuna	None
yarqurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tapusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amahayt'achunchu	Third person Singular
aypurisqani	First person Singular
suysurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
purunninchiknintin	None
chakwasniykunakama	None
sansanintin	None
suyarqanki	Second person Singular
llaqtakunapi	None
hunt'achirqankichik	Second person Plural
amach'arqayaychu	Second person Singular
thantaykikunannaq	None
amawinachunkuchu	Third person Plural
saphirqanku	Third person Plural
muchurqanku	Third person Plural
raphranchikhina	None
kusikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amasiqsichunchu	Third person Singular
atillchaykichikhina	None
winani	First person Singular
chawayninchikmanta	None
rikunakusqanki	Second person Singular
amawaylluchunchu	Third person Singular
hanyasaq	First person Singular
amakuchuychu	Second person Singular
tutayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qishyasqani	First person Singular
thasachun	Third person Singular
kusikuni	First person Singular
pantachun	Third person Singular
mink'anchikkunantin	None
ruphachirqani	First person Singular
phutirqanki	Second person Singular
aysayniypa	None
pallasqa	None
hayratachisqanki	Second person Singular
achisqani	First person Singular
amahaymaychu	Second person Singular
irparqanki	Second person Singular
ch'antanku	Third person Plural
musphasqanki	Second person Singular
wasiykichikpura	None
chawpichasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawrankukama	None
maskhasqani	First person Singular
hunt'asqan	Third person Singular
rutunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñaqch'anku	Third person Plural
atilchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ayqiyninku	None
amach'aqwachunkuchu	Third person Plural
rumikunata	None
allipunakusqan	Third person Singular
rumiykunaman	None
amakutiychikchu	Second person Plural
qurichirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anqilninkuhina	None
usachini	First person Singular
simp'anchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
supaypa	None
rakikuna	None
rimachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aqhayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chunta	None
ch'akichikuchunku	Third person Plural
allinyarqan	Third person Singular
achuranqa	Third person Singular
q'iminchikkunawan	None
llallisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tusuyniylla	None
awanaykinnaq	None
qhawarqankichik	Second person Plural
takunkukunawan	None
wasi	None
amaatipachikuchunchu	Third person Singular
punkinqa	Third person Singular
machaychik	Second person Plural
chaskikunakama	None
kuntimanta	None
ch'uychusqankichik	Second person Plural
ayqin	Third person Singular
amatamyachunchu	Third person Singular
saksayninchikkunahina	None
q'iminchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapukusqanku	Third person Plural
rikuchiykunanka	None
asllayachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
atillchawan	None
anchachasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khuyaq	None
huq'arisqankichik	Second person Plural
susurqanki	Second person Singular
pusana	None
chakiykunanka	None
qullpanqaku	Third person Plural
purin	Third person Singular
hatarinku	Third person Plural
kamayuqninman	None
illapasqankichik	Second person Plural
amaparlaychikchu	Second person Plural
kawsaynin	None
harchiyan	Third person Singular
quwiyki	None
tiqsini	First person Singular
awannachunku	Third person Plural
sukasqani	First person Singular
watuyninkukunannaq	None
rurarqankichik	Second person Plural
amaawqanakuychikchu	Second person Plural
rikuychik	Second person Plural
wanu	None
pallaykichikman	None
amalarachunchu	Third person Singular
saphirqani	First person Singular
amaarphayachunkuchu	Third person Plural
achiwankuhina	None
t'ustusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'ipchisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amauynikuychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'unqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hinanchikkunamanta	None
uyarinku	Third person Plural
makinchikkunannaq	None
ch'antasqani	First person Singular
pukyuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachinkarparichunkuchu	Third person Plural
richunku	Third person Plural
atawniykukunalla	None
ariykichikkunanka	None
puriy	Second person Singular
amabahaychu	Second person Singular
ch'aranchay	Second person Singular
amayachachunchu	Third person Singular
q'apayniykukunakama	None
ayway	Second person Singular
amachapuychikchu	Second person Plural
q'ipinkunanka	None
suyakusqanku	Third person Plural
llamp'urqan	Third person Singular
chanqasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llaqtakuna	None
hap'iyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amawarkuchunchu	Third person Singular
ñawinchay	Second person Singular
mitikurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thuqanku	Third person Plural
siminpi	None
achalakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'ullchusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suq'uchun	Third person Singular
suysuspa	None
amaqunqaychu	Second person Singular
munarqanku	Third person Plural
chawpichasqanku	Third person Plural
achalakurqanki	Second person Singular
ñaqch'achunku	Third person Plural
ispapakunqaku	Third person Plural
wanay	Second person Singular
suyurqanki	Second person Singular
rak'isaq	First person Singular
huq'arirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amapuñuchunchu	Third person Singular
yupaychayniykichikpura	None
amu	None
huñunakun	Third person Singular
rimasqa	None
yaykurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tiyananchikkama	None
akullinqaku	Third person Plural
challpurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
millayniykikunalla	None
taqtasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amahaywachunkuchu	Third person Plural
huñisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
alqarqanki	Second person Singular
amaykichikhina	None
añaycharqan	Third person Singular
ch'akichiychik	Second person Plural
ullpukurqan	Third person Singular
aychararqankichik	Second person Plural
amunkuntin	None
tipin	Third person Singular
tuyturqanki	Second person Singular
ch'akisqanki	Second person Singular
rimasaq	First person Singular
wamraykichikkunapura	None
amachallwachunchu	Third person Singular
munaylla	None
ayqinpi	None
mallisaq	First person Singular
parlasqanku	Third person Plural
amatarqanki	Second person Singular
akllurqankichik	Second person Plural
samayniykichikkunakama	None
urasqanku	Third person Plural
yapayninkumanta	None
urpiy	None
khuyaykukunamanta	None
hayllinku	Third person Plural
qillqakunata	None
amachay	Second person Singular
atiymanta	None
uran	Third person Singular
kutichiychik	Second person Plural
amarak'ichunchu	Third person Singular
chaskirqankichik	Second person Plural
mikhuna	None
llimphisaq	First person Singular
akllunku	Third person Plural
iqhayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'achuychik	Second person Plural
churiyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awaychik	Second person Plural
intichawwan	None
aypasqankichik	Second person Plural
chumpinqa	Third person Singular
paninchikpura	None
haywarinku	Third person Plural
phawarqani	First person Singular
allpachaychik	Second person Plural
sirisqanku	Third person Plural
irqiyani	First person Singular
hallp'ichunku	Third person Plural
tipisqani	First person Singular
mallikunamanta	None
amachahrachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
yarqurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
samana	None
wich'qanqa	Third person Singular
qillqaqhawasqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'uyanchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sirisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
hamut'arqani	First person Singular
ch'aphranasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hip'isunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rimachinqaku	Third person Plural
pachapi	None
amahich'aychikchu	Second person Plural
supisqanku	Third person Plural
anqusasqanki	Second person Singular
ispapakurqanki	Second person Singular
much'asqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaachiychikchu	Second person Plural
tarpuni	First person Singular
llimphisqa	None
rantirqani	First person Singular
qaway	None
ch'ipchisaq	First person Singular
p'ampanchikkunalla	None
musphayykuhina	None
rit'irqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llakikunamanta	None
siqsisqanki	Second person Singular
asuykusqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'allasqanku	Third person Plural
takasqanki	Second person Singular
t'antaychik	Second person Plural
ch'allaychik	Second person Plural
phawayninkunapura	None
kachanku	Third person Plural
rikunakusqani	First person Singular
phuyuyniykichikta	None
challpunku	Third person Plural
llamkharqanki	Second person Singular
amach'usaychu	Second person Singular
challa	None
rantisqan	Third person Singular
rutusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qaqaykiman	None
pirwanku	Third person Plural
ankunkukunawan	None
killa	None
sinchiyay	Second person Singular
ruruchunku	Third person Plural
huqarinku	Third person Plural
mallarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puchqachunku	Third person Plural
antanka	None
amaastakuychu	Second person Singular
kachusqani	First person Singular
tarpurqan	Third person Singular
khachu	None
aqhayasqan	Third person Singular
apaysinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ishkisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'illchichisqanki	Second person Singular
manqukuna	None
churiyanqa	Third person Singular
sukhaykichikman	None
khatankulla	None
atipachikurqanku	Third person Plural
chayanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saksayniykichikkunaman	None
armakuna	None
aysana	None
ch'aranchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iñiy	Second person Singular
aynisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wathiyankunap	None
kutipakurqanku	Third person Plural
khipusaq	First person Singular
unquyninman	None
yapachun	Third person Singular
ch'ullullullurqankichik	Second person Plural
anchaykachasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'usanqaku	Third person Plural
amapukaraychikchu	Second person Plural
imata	None
amaamatachunkuchu	Third person Plural
wanarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puñusqani	First person Singular
ñirqan	Third person Singular
harawasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
arinsarqani	First person Singular
qhapaqninkama	None
hanaqmanta	None
qusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apichasqan	Third person Singular
ruphaykichikkunapaq	None
ruray	Second person Singular
wiqiykunanka	None
q'ipirqanku	Third person Plural
inkillninchikhina	None
aychararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chinkanchikkunapaq	None
amakanchachunchu	Third person Singular
lliphllinqaku	Third person Plural
kututuykunaman	None
kapuynin	None
amachukullikuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'achunku	Third person Plural
amaatipanakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
uhunkulla	None
suyakuykama	None
pachakunapi	None
rutusqankichik	Second person Plural
sumasqan	Third person Singular
amaayniychikchu	Second person Plural
yarpasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kuskan	None
huñuysisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atisaq	First person Singular
chikachasqanku	Third person Plural
tukusqan	Third person Singular
wananchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muchusqani	First person Singular
hayllirqanku	Third person Plural
watukusqani	First person Singular
runakunapi	None
yupaychasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'uchquyniykuntin	None
raphranchikkunakama	None
llimphisqan	Third person Singular
chayanpunqa	Third person Singular
uniyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñisqani	First person Singular
aysanqaku	Third person Plural
Dyusninchikwan	None
muchurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sapaykikunarayku	None
pukarani	First person Singular
unquykunamanta	None
ch'uyanasqanku	Third person Plural
llik'irqanku	Third person Plural
willkacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kumusqan	Third person Singular
hunt'apuychik	Second person Plural
amat'antachunchu	Third person Singular
simiykunata	None
lluq'inkupi	None
qun	Third person Singular
urpinkunapaq	None
chuqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
anschuykunku	Third person Plural
chulluchiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaarqhipaychikchu	Second person Plural
sisasqan	Third person Singular
wasinman	None
llaqwayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
raphinkuna	None
patachaykikunanka	None
wach'inkukunantin	None
p'uchquyniykunamanta	None
ch'uhtanani	First person Singular
imawan	None
aypasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amauyachunkuchu	Third person Plural
wanarqan	Third person Singular
mirayman	None
hanuk'anqa	Third person Singular
t'impusqan	Third person Singular
amacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yachaypa	None
apichachunku	Third person Plural
qispirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amat'antachunkuchu	Third person Plural
kawsayninpi	None
amamusphaychikchu	Second person Plural
kapun	Third person Singular
ch'iwkachirqan	Third person Singular
raymi	None
ch'uyanachunku	Third person Plural
takinkuna	None
hurquna	None
hak'uchani	First person Singular
wakin	None
amausachiychu	Second person Singular
lararqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
khipukamayuqninchikmanta	None
imanasqanki	Second person Singular
chankaykichikta	None
chakannachunku	Third person Plural
amahuhllaychikchu	Second person Plural
allpachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
winarqani	First person Singular
ch'allay	Second person Singular
asipayasqanki	Second person Singular
tupuq	None
wanunpura	None
amaillaychu	Second person Singular
khipukamayuqninchikkunahina	None
yachakuqkunantin	None
ch'ipchisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aycharasaq	First person Singular
q'imirqan	Third person Singular
yuyaypa	None
allasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chiqaqchachun	Third person Singular
ususiykichikpura	None
mañaspa	None
kukata	None
huch'uiyachisqan	Third person Singular
amañarqan	Third person Singular
ruphankukunaman	None
ayqichisqanki	Second person Singular
yupanki	None
chiriq	None
suyrupura	None
tukusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wathiyasaq	First person Singular
rikurisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llasayninchikkunantin	None
husk'arqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kuyusqanki	Second person Singular
hunyarqani	First person Singular
wayllurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayllurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'ustusqan	Third person Singular
ayllup	None
sutisqanku	Third person Plural
amawt'aykikunapura	None
pantankukunawan	None
sallaykipa	None
nanayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hallmay	Second person Singular
yarqayniykukunahina	None
kanirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amachinkaychu	Second person Singular
amachiqnikuchunchu	Third person Singular
amach'aspaychu	Second person Singular
atillchaykichikkunanka	None
k'uychichawninnaq	None
amakhuyaychikchu	Second person Plural
takisqa	None
ñañaykukunahina	None
qillirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
liyirqanki	Second person Singular
añaynichirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
phukuna	None
ayphayasqanki	Second person Singular
takusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asusqanku	Third person Plural
riqsichunku	Third person Plural
wach'iyninchikkunanka	None
pukllayniykita	None
awqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
lliphlliy	Second person Singular
winarqanki	Second person Singular
pakayniykukunata	None
ismusqanki	Second person Singular
tapurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'uychiykichikkunanka	None
hayt'anchikkunakama	None
upyanqa	Third person Singular
t'usturqani	First person Singular
kusinkukunarayku	None
qunku	Third person Plural
simikunamanta	None
chinkarqankichik	Second person Plural
amachukullikuychikchu	Second person Plural
paqtasaq	First person Singular
pañankunamanta	None
qurichinqaku	Third person Plural
allquchasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kulliyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'usanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wanayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pantachunku	Third person Plural
wichanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pampaykumanta	None
amaicharaychu	Second person Singular
kallpa	None
chawachun	Third person Singular
llakin	Third person Singular
hut'uyanqaku	Third person Plural
pallanchikpa	None
wach'inchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kallpayninkukunapi	None
hik'in	Third person Singular
aysaysinqaku	Third person Plural
allpaman	None
achalachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yachana	None
qillqaqhawarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chiqnikusqanki	Second person Singular
ñawirisqanku	Third person Plural
illapasqani	First person Singular
rakiykichikkunannaq	None
amaqispichiychikchu	Second person Plural
ukhu	None
humint'arqanku	Third person Plural
qataykulla	None
amawatukuchunchu	Third person Singular
chirarasqankichik	Second person Plural
kankaykilla	None
mallisqanki	Second person Singular
qaranchikkunahina	None
pirqana	None
sisani	First person Singular
q'iwinchikkunap	None
phawaykachanqa	Third person Singular
warkurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yupaywan	None
watasqa	None
runapaq	None
yuyan	Third person Singular
tipiykichik	None
amayaqullaychikchu	Second person Plural
yawarniykipaq	None
chapinnarqankichik	Second person Plural
raymita	None
uhuy	Second person Singular
atirqan	Third person Singular
suway	Second person Singular
ch'aphcharqanku	Third person Plural
llakisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
paniykichikkunannaq	None
uhuykichikkunapura	None
anschurichiychik	Second person Plural
pituykichikkunanka	None
llallirqan	Third person Singular
thasachunku	Third person Plural
hark'an	Third person Singular
kunkakunap	None
llaqtawan	None
pakani	First person Singular
macharqani	First person Singular
mayllakusaq	First person Singular
qatiy	Second person Singular
añisqanki	Second person Singular
kayhina	None
sinq'ayniykupura	None
astakusqankichik	Second person Plural
hanaqninkama	None
wakchaykichikkunap	None
tipisqankichik	Second person Plural
apaykurqan	Third person Singular
achalanku	Third person Plural
rimasqan	Third person Singular
chuhchannasqani	First person Singular
saksasqanki	Second person Singular
wayllusqankichik	Second person Plural
chakatasaq	First person Singular
hak'uykintin	None
p'urunka	None
amaapatataychu	Second person Singular
anchayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llimphini	First person Singular
wach'iy	Second person Singular
irqiyachun	Third person Singular
ñankuna	None
achalakuspa	None
q'arasqani	First person Singular
chuqasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phinkisaq	First person Singular
añikunku	Third person Plural
tupayniykukunalla	None
ch'awarqankichik	Second person Plural
kuntur	None
thatkichun	Third person Singular
amachahchaychu	Second person Singular
amaawannachunkuchu	Third person Plural
pallan	Third person Singular
simikuna	None
rawrachunku	Third person Plural
munasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
achalanqa	Third person Singular
wawqinkunannaq	None
illanchikpura	None
puchkanqa	Third person Singular
ch'achurqankichik	Second person Plural
intinka	None
qhawaq	None
rikurqankichik	Second person Plural
millp'usaq	First person Singular
qunqaku	Third person Plural
amamusquchunkuchu	Third person Plural
ruq'anchikkunalla	None
urpi	None
amaarawachunkuchu	Third person Plural
takunka	None
raphrankukunapura	None
riqsinkupura	None
sapanchikman	None
ch'iqanarqanku	Third person Plural
willkachanku	Third person Plural
maqakunku	Third person Plural
ripuwlikawan	None
sukaykihina	None
allpanachun	Third person Singular
riqsiyniykipi	None
ch'aqchusqan	Third person Singular
mamanpa	None
muchuyninchikninnaq	None
rimaspa	None
anschurichirqanku	Third person Plural
chikachanqa	Third person Singular
rantikurqan	Third person Singular
rutuna	None
aychanta	None
chapanku	Third person Plural
sayayninchikmanta	None
llamk'asaq	First person Singular
amaicharachunkuchu	Third person Plural
aqtunku	Third person Plural
ichararqankichik	Second person Plural
rawrasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
nispa	None
allichin	Third person Singular
kutiyninkunakama	None
ismanqa	Third person Singular
humint'arqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'umanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'uchquchun	Third person Singular
watukurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'iwiykimanta	None
pirwasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
waqyan	Third person Singular
yaykuy	Second person Singular
iñirqankichik	Second person Plural
hank'aychik	Second person Plural
watusaq	First person Singular
chahrakusqani	First person Singular
mikhuspa	None
phaqsanintin	None
qaranta	None
kusin	Third person Singular
awsanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
phawaykachachunku	Third person Plural
suyupi	None
chuchuyanqaku	Third person Plural
hak'uchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
maqarqan	Third person Singular
amahuñuysiychikchu	Second person Plural
rimachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sinq'anqa	Third person Singular
hinata	None
hamurparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sukasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
armakuy	Second person Singular
tiyaspa	None
maqanakusqanki	Second person Singular
amakutiychu	Second person Singular
baharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
waskasqanku	Third person Plural
chirirqani	First person Singular
amaawachunchu	Third person Singular
urqunkuna	None
chanqarqanki	Second person Singular
hallparqanku	Third person Plural
illasqanki	Second person Singular
mikhunankukunantin	None
ch'arkisqankichik	Second person Plural
asut'isaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rakikunata	None
rikurqanku	Third person Plural
watyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rantikuyniykichikkunapura	None
amahaywaychu	Second person Singular
Dyusta	None
yañayninkukunalla	None
armanmanta	None
asut'inchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yanarqan	Third person Singular
tamyaychik	Second person Plural
hunt'anku	Third person Plural
irpayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ichhusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
manchasqani	First person Singular
amamuchuychikchu	Second person Plural
ñawiriy	Second person Singular
rak'inqaku	Third person Plural
tuytusqan	Third person Singular
apichasqanku	Third person Plural
khachusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aylluchakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'ipchiychu	Second person Singular
apaysirqankichik	Second person Plural
suyakuynkunapaq	None
chinkaykukunannaq	None
rupharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wamraykikunapura	None
waqyayninnaq	None
kutinqaku	Third person Plural
tupurqani	First person Singular
ñawramanta	None
qayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yarpan	Third person Singular
wayrachisqan	Third person Singular
simana	None
ischucharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chukullikurqanku	Third person Plural
wawakunapaq	None
paqtayninkukunannaq	None
wanaychik	Second person Plural
rantikusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kuskakunaman	None
chanchachunku	Third person Plural
aymuray	Second person Singular
t'antasqani	First person Singular
waqay	Second person Singular
yurankunannaq	None
inti	None
yuyankunanka	None
sipisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tukunqa	Third person Singular
huq'uchanqa	Third person Singular
ayqichunku	Third person Plural
ruphay	Second person Singular
qhinchanchiknintin	None
ch'iqun	Third person Singular
hank'asqanku	Third person Plural
wawqin	None
mink'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
marq'anku	Third person Plural
akllanchikkunata	None
maywanqaku	Third person Plural
qallarin	Third person Singular
hink'irqanku	Third person Plural
kunturkama	None
atiyta	None
suyusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutirqanki	Second person Singular
qallarisqanku	Third person Plural
amathuñichunkuchu	Third person Plural
sawasqanku	Third person Plural
ayqiykurqanki	Second person Singular
tamyay	Second person Singular
maskhanqa	Third person Singular
t'ipinkunapura	None
qisakunamanta	None
rawrarqanki	Second person Singular
wach'iykichik	None
watusqanki	Second person Singular
tapusaq	First person Singular
asusqanki	Second person Singular
kusikuchun	Third person Singular
amaphutiychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'illmipakusqanku	Third person Plural
tarpuyniykunalla	None
yañarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakutachunchu	Third person Singular
añaycharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawiy	Second person Singular
chimpachisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tiyanahina	None
saksakunap	None
illapaykunahina	None
aklluchunku	Third person Plural
suwanku	Third person Plural
q'iwirqanku	Third person Plural
mink'achunku	Third person Plural
amasaqiychu	Second person Singular
pisqukuna	None
simanakunaman	None
amaachalachunchu	Third person Singular
llamk'ay	Second person Singular
millp'uchunku	Third person Plural
hank'an	Third person Singular
kichaq	None
p'itini	First person Singular
qatankuhina	None
amach'illchichichunchu	Third person Singular
thuñinkunamanta	None
tipinqaku	Third person Plural
rankhiymanta	None
qharin	None
makiykukunaman	None
ch'ullullullusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hank'arqani	First person Singular
kutaspa	None
wallpayniyhina	None
pirqay	Second person Singular
ninayanqaku	Third person Plural
llamankukunahina	None
kusikunqa	Third person Singular
yapay	Second person Singular
hawiykunakama	None
allpaykichikpura	None
chichuyanqaku	Third person Plural
qillqakunapaq	None
rumipi	None
amaqayachunkuchu	Third person Plural
qhawanqa	Third person Singular
kallpan	Third person Singular
phukuy	Second person Singular
rikuchisqani	First person Singular
winasqankichik	Second person Plural
amuykukuna	None
sat'iynintin	None
tupayniy	None
kuska	None
akllasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wawankunapaq	None
harchiyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kañachunku	Third person Plural
kunturkunakama	None
anchachasqanku	Third person Plural
tusurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ikmayarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mink'ayninchikkunanka	None
akullirqankichik	Second person Plural
chaskisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kanayman	None
ayphayani	First person Singular
much'aychik	Second person Plural
unuykichikkunapi	None
amamañachunchu	Third person Singular
kuyunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tarinku	Third person Plural
rampanku	Third person Plural
mikhunamanta	None
ayqichisqa	None
llamkhanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
manchay	Second person Singular
illaparqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huq'uchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'aphranasqanku	Third person Plural
utqasaq	First person Singular
muchusqan	Third person Singular
qurichirqani	First person Singular
sinchiyasqan	Third person Singular
yacharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'usachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'ullullullunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mirayninmanta	None
quwiykihina	None
harchiyasaq	First person Singular
aychakunanka	None
harwini	First person Singular
pampakunapi	None
hanyasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kañiychik	Second person Plural
kinwankuwan	None
llullanqaku	Third person Plural
chuchuyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churpusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wamraykimanta	None
allichichunku	Third person Plural
uhusaq	First person Singular
hallpanku	Third person Plural
haratasqanku	Third person Plural
llaqta	None
chuntawan	None
chutarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kunarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chakiykunata	None
ch'aqchurqanki	Second person Singular
suq'usqanku	Third person Plural
huñuysisqani	First person Singular
atikarqankichik	Second person Plural
ñawirisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaarinsaychikchu	Second person Plural
michiq	None
sutisqani	First person Singular
simp'aykukunapura	None
achikyay	Second person Singular
aqha	None
kutipakuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tantaykunannaq	None
thuñisqani	First person Singular
mink'aykunantin	None
chantarqani	First person Singular
amaachurachunkuchu	Third person Plural
waskarqanku	Third person Plural
askhayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'uyayachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'apasaq	First person Singular
amaaqhayachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'awarqanku	Third person Plural
uywakunata	None
hunt'apuchunku	Third person Plural
wik'uñaykichikpaq	None
uhurqani	First person Singular
ñawinchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
musphaynchikhina	None
ichhunaykupaq	None
huñuy	Second person Singular
willaq	None
chaninchani	First person Singular
achalaychik	Second person Plural
chiqan	None
amaaykhuychikchu	Second person Plural
huch'uiyachisqanki	Second person Singular
tamyanqaku	Third person Plural
amapirwaychu	Second person Singular
ch'uspaman	None
amapawachunkuchu	Third person Plural
alawchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amariqsichunchu	Third person Singular
amamachachunkuchu	Third person Plural
illapa	None
ch'akichikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qillqarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qullqip	None
amachuqaychu	Second person Singular
uynirqankichik	Second person Plural
pallakunahina	None
thasarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'unqasqankichik	Second person Plural
irpanqa	Third person Singular
sayarin	Third person Singular
phiñata	None
maskharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
harawirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chakuchunku	Third person Plural
amaispapakuchunkuchu	Third person Plural
ch'arqayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hich'achunku	Third person Plural
pantasqanku	Third person Plural
khuchiykikuna	None
allpankunata	None
ispasqan	Third person Singular
qhinchacharqanku	Third person Plural
apaysisqani	First person Singular
tipichunku	Third person Plural
amuyayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amach'akichikuychikchu	Second person Plural
amakutichiychu	Second person Singular
chimpasqanki	Second person Singular
upyana	None
amayarquchunkuchu	Third person Plural
mallinqaku	Third person Plural
ukhuykichikkunarayku	None
allpa	None
tantarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
añaynichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
k'anchaychik	Second person Plural
amach'aphranaychu	Second person Singular
yanunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
quyllurpura	None
atiyniyki	None
tariychik	Second person Plural
imapaq	None
siranqa	Third person Singular
muyun	Third person Singular
yanusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaatipanakuychikchu	Second person Plural
chayakamurqankichik	Second person Plural
ñit'inqaku	Third person Plural
amaallinyachichunchu	Third person Singular
ispayniykupa	None
sinq'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chulluchirqankichik	Second person Plural
piturqankichik	Second person Plural
yurisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawirisqan	Third person Singular
amamañaychu	Second person Singular
sawan	Third person Singular
amachapinnachunkuchu	Third person Plural
pisipasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
challwanka	None
aymurasqanki	Second person Singular
tutayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakannasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allpacharqani	First person Singular
maqakurqanku	Third person Plural
tukuchin	Third person Singular
rutuykipura	None
alawchachun	Third person Singular
amachaskichunchu	Third person Singular
tususqanki	Second person Singular
samankunata	None
yuriyninkunap	None
huñusqa	None
hich'arqan	Third person Singular
amachapakuychu	Second person Singular
huñuchisqan	Third person Singular
aysasqani	First person Singular
hant'arqasqankichik	Second person Plural
iskaychani	First person Singular
waqayniykukunahina	None
suyrunchikninnaq	None
tutasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sapanka	None
rururqanki	Second person Singular
ninayarqan	Third person Singular
llaqwasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñawincharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ispachunku	Third person Plural
atipachikusqanki	Second person Singular
apamurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ullpukurqankichik	Second person Plural
chapirqankichik	Second person Plural
nirqanki	Second person Singular
runaykikunawan	None
qhichway	None
aklluykacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rimarqanku	Third person Plural
llaqwaqkunalla	None
allparqanku	Third person Plural
supiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
halasqani	First person Singular
yapuy	Second person Singular
llaqtap	None
amatasqankichik	Second person Plural
chanqiyasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
purunniywan	None
qullakunanka	None
thatkikunakama	None
amachayninpa	None
wiqi	None
amaharawachunkuchu	Third person Plural
hurqurqankichik	Second person Plural
thasnusqanki	Second person Singular
hik'isqan	Third person Singular
chawaykunap	None
usachichun	Third person Singular
chiqanninkuhina	None
ch'uhtasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yawnasaq	First person Singular
llullurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thitiykuna	None
khallkirqani	First person Singular
saphisqani	First person Singular
askhayayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
quyanchikpaq	None
para	None
watukunakama	None
chumpinchikkama	None
qallupaq	None
qhinchanninnaq	None
ischuchanqa	Third person Singular
amuyaychik	Second person Plural
inkillninkunahina	None
qhinchachanqaku	Third person Plural
sumanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rak'isqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
raphiman	None
punkisqan	Third person Singular
chinkanku	Third person Plural
amach'iqanachunkuchu	Third person Plural
hunt'achinqaku	Third person Plural
chanqarqanku	Third person Plural
hamuchun	Third person Singular
thuñisqa	None
uruyaykunawan	None
millay	Second person Singular
ch'unkuninka	None
aykhurqanki	Second person Singular
isparqanku	Third person Plural
suyusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kallchani	First person Singular
maqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaanschuykunakuchunchu	Third person Singular
yallisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaañaynichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
amach'akichikuychu	Second person Singular
challpusqani	First person Singular
runakunap	None
waqyarqanki	Second person Singular
huchachakusqankichik	Second person Plural
halarqani	First person Singular
yarqusqankichik	Second person Plural
huqarisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñinku	Third person Plural
ichisqan	Third person Singular
asllayachinku	Third person Plural
aywasqanku	Third person Plural
amaañaychachunkuchu	Third person Plural
t'urpurqankichik	Second person Plural
phuyu	None
karqani	First person Singular
mitikurqani	First person Singular
allpakunakama	None
phuyusqani	First person Singular
chikchinqaku	Third person Plural
pallana	None
wanurqani	First person Singular
kutayniykintin	None
chahraysirqan	Third person Singular
atilcharqan	Third person Singular
q'apani	First person Singular
tutayasqankichik	Second person Plural
kinwankunamanta	None
chuhchusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
huñurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hawch'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amañiychu	Second person Singular
amat'aqsachunkuchu	Third person Plural
khuchinchikta	None
llullarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iskirqanku	Third person Plural
uynichunku	Third person Plural
thuñirqanku	Third person Plural
hallparqanki	Second person Singular
amachinkachiychu	Second person Singular
qarasqani	First person Singular
tususqanku	Third person Plural
rantiyninkukunantin	None
thitikunap	None
kunununusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llaqway	Second person Singular
yarqayniykichiklla	None
pallquni	First person Singular
p'akiy	Second person Singular
rantikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qincharqanki	Second person Singular
waqayninkunakama	None
q'ispiykunapura	None
qara	None
liwruta	None
amachuhchuychu	Second person Singular
alqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wiñaspa	None
wich'qarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kutichinqaku	Third person Plural
wathiyanchikrayku	None
ch'akichikusqankichik	Second person Plural
huhllarqan	Third person Singular
kawsana	None
chirinqaku	Third person Plural
hik'irqanki	Second person Singular
atipachikuchunku	Third person Plural
puchkaykikunannaq	None
t'aqaynintin	None
thasnurqankichik	Second person Plural
hich'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
watyaykichikkunata	None
thasnun	Third person Singular
maqakurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pallquyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qallarispa	None
khallkachikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
makiwan	None
yurakuna	None
allpapi	None
armanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
atawkunalla	None
ch'iqichisqankichik	Second person Plural
kankaykirayku	None
t'aqsaychik	Second person Plural
rikurirqan	Third person Singular
allquwan	None
qasarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
paskaykichikkunarayku	None
sinq'ay	Second person Singular
sumarqanki	Second person Singular
chuqinchiklla	None
maywasaq	First person Singular
mirayniykichikkama	None
yupankiykupaq	None
tususqankichik	Second person Plural
saqin	Third person Singular
kallpaq	None
inqhiykachasqankichik	Second person Plural
q'uchuykichikpa	None
yurinku	Third person Plural
wanayta	None
inqhiykachasqan	Third person Singular
wawakuna	None
simp'ankunawan	None
arqhipaspa	None
hallp'irqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puqusqani	First person Singular
qatin	Third person Singular
waqyani	First person Singular
wañurqanku	Third person Plural
ripuwlikanchikpura	None
ch'awachunku	Third person Plural
tarpuypi	None
pukllayniykichikkunakama	None
aymurayniykunapi	None
suq'urqanki	Second person Singular
ch'uhtanachunku	Third person Plural
ariykukunakama	None
unquy	Second person Singular
wampukunap	None
churinkuna	None
akullisqan	Third person Singular
awsayninkukunapaq	None
tantani	First person Singular
kuraq	None
pukllayniykupi	None
añaynichichunku	Third person Plural
sinchiyarqani	First person Singular
amawach'iychikchu	Second person Plural
alawchasqankichik	Second person Plural
amaaskhayachunchu	Third person Singular
alayrichin	Third person Singular
tutankukunapaq	None
tiyarqanki	Second person Singular
ch'arkiykukama	None
amaawankaychikchu	Second person Plural
ñust'aykukunawan	None
amahip'ichunchu	Third person Singular
ch'iqtasqani	First person Singular
maq	None
aypaspa	None
tantasqa	None
nina	None
qayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
punku	None
muchuyninkunap	None
atiyniykinka	None
ch'akirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kañarqanki	Second person Singular
huñunakurqanki	Second person Singular
ispaykupi	None
allinyanku	Third person Plural
amallamp'uychu	Second person Singular
amaphinkiychu	Second person Singular
ch'achusqani	First person Singular
hurqusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
huch'uiyachirqanku	Third person Plural
qasan	Third person Singular
amachallpuchunchu	Third person Singular
asuykuni	First person Singular
kawsaypi	None
challwakunap	None
qillqaykuman	None
amahallmaychu	Second person Singular
humint'aychik	Second person Plural
ruk'uyachunku	Third person Plural
pawanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yurap	None
chaninchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sayk'uyninchikkunalla	None
pawasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
rawranku	Third person Plural
wañusqa	None
suyuchun	Third person Singular
suyrunkuwan	None
uyniy	Second person Singular
q'apiykichiklla	None
tiyamusaq	First person Singular
chantarqan	Third person Singular
churiyarqankichik	Second person Plural
uyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puñurqanku	Third person Plural
llimphisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
watyasaq	First person Singular
allpanarqanku	Third person Plural
waynaypi	None
michisqankichik	Second person Plural
rikch'ayninkuhina	None
puquykunata	None
yayap	None
amachantaychu	Second person Singular
wawakunapi	None
sat'iykama	None
hark'ayninkukunanka	None
kunkaykukama	None
awanaykichikkuna	None
hatarichun	Third person Singular
añisqan	Third person Singular
mikhurqani	First person Singular
yupaycharqan	Third person Singular
saqinqaku	Third person Plural
yaqullaykuwan	None
chayamusqankichik	Second person Plural
kutipakusqani	First person Singular
inturqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aspirqanku	Third person Plural
punapi	None
tanta	None
kapusaq	First person Singular
sayaychik	Second person Plural
purunninkama	None
hamurqanku	Third person Plural
sunqunkupa	None
karruykikunannaq	None
yunkaykichikkunanka	None
tiyasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hanuk'aq	None
