chimpachun	Third person Singular
ch'illchichinku	Third person Plural
willkarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
p'uchqusqani	First person Singular
qillqarqanku	Third person Plural
askhayachirqanku	Third person Plural
kusiykupura	None
chiqanninmanta	None
sallqa	None
takusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
lliphllisqani	First person Singular
liwrunkuna	None
qallunkukunapaq	None
illapaykikunanka	None
achalakunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaachiychu	Second person Singular
riman	Third person Singular
ch'aqchurqankichik	Second person Plural
uynikusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kawsaypa	None
suq'uni	First person Singular
amamillp'uychu	Second person Singular
turi	None
mallani	First person Singular
apamusqa	None
llaqtakunapaq	None
ayparqan	Third person Singular
atipay	None
rumisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chahraysirqanku	Third person Plural
unuyasqan	Third person Singular
p'akinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
achalakunqa	Third person Singular
anschurichinqa	Third person Singular
ninku	Third person Plural
llulmisqan	Third person Singular
amawantuychikchu	Second person Plural
quyllurninkukunanka	None
yañanku	Third person Plural
kacharqan	Third person Singular
sayk'uysqankichik	Second person Plural
amaispaychikchu	Second person Plural
hant'arqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
waqayninkunalla	None
amaachhiychu	Second person Singular
chapisqankichik	Second person Plural
quri	None
ch'ipunqa	Third person Singular
t'ikrarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
uturunkunmanta	None
ch'akisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hunt'apun	Third person Singular
yanaparqan	Third person Singular
Dyuswan	None
wamp'uykuna	None
chuqasqan	Third person Singular
purisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aychap	None
chiqchiykachasqan	Third person Singular
yanani	First person Singular
t'impuni	First person Singular
k'anchasqankichik	Second person Plural
amankunaman	None
chalanpi	None
hinarqani	First person Singular
yawarninta	None
awannarqan	Third person Singular
saqisqan	Third person Singular
uhurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
runawan	None
ishkinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qishyay	Second person Singular
chinkasqankichik	Second person Plural
phukurqanku	Third person Plural
iskaychasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chakannasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'uchuymanta	None
karru	None
chawayninta	None
humint'asunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
apucharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
takinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
munasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wik'uñaykichikkunahina	None
wayt'asqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaalayrichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
tupunqaku	Third person Plural
kawsarqani	First person Singular
k'umuychik	Second person Plural
kunachun	Third person Singular
allpayachirqanku	Third person Plural
churakunqa	Third person Singular
ch'askanchikkunannaq	None
suyakusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ashisqanku	Third person Plural
amachimpaychu	Second person Singular
huqariykilla	None
willkanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hanaqpi	None
atipachikusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
allichisaq	First person Singular
churaspa	None
huñuysisqanku	Third person Plural
hunt'ay	Second person Singular
illapasqanki	Second person Singular
hayratachichun	Third person Singular
chirisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
Dyusmanta	None
llamk'arqanki	Second person Singular
mitmayniykuta	None
hayratachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amakapuychu	Second person Singular
muyusqanki	Second person Singular
amat'urpuychu	Second person Singular
intinkama	None
amahapaychikchu	Second person Plural
mikhunapaq	None
pitukunapaq	None
ñawinchana	None
amallallichunkuchu	Third person Plural
sansayku	None
tanqana	None
allinyachichunku	Third person Plural
añirqanku	Third person Plural
chapakusqanku	Third person Plural
t'ikan	Third person Singular
ch'arkiykupa	None
wawanchikkuna	None
achalay	Second person Singular
amaallinchachunchu	Third person Singular
uhunchikpi	None
rurarqan	Third person Singular
maskhasqankichik	Second person Plural
chullurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hawkarqankichik	Second person Plural
pukyuni	First person Singular
amach'ipchichunchu	Third person Singular
yanan	Third person Singular
amaallinchaychu	Second person Singular
riqsisqa	None
kutipakunqa	Third person Singular
atilcharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kunununurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
puqurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
anchacharqanku	Third person Plural
chaninchanku	Third person Plural
sirisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chakiykukama	None
rit'irqan	Third person Singular
phurunpa	None
amarikuychu	Second person Singular
chapatiyasqan	Third person Singular
amapirwachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ischucharqanki	Second person Singular
tupuyniypi	None
pallay	Second person Singular
amahawch'achunchu	Third person Singular
unisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amap'uchquychu	Second person Singular
punata	None
tupa	None
p'ampachasqanku	Third person Plural
aqhayasqankichik	Second person Plural
chinchaykurayku	None
ñit'iychik	Second person Plural
amaqunqaychikchu	Second person Plural
t'urpunqa	Third person Singular
thuñinku	Third person Plural
ayllusqan	Third person Singular
allpachasqankichik	Second person Plural
churiyanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
siriq	None
hant'arqasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hamut'anqa	Third person Singular
haywakachasqanku	Third person Plural
takikuna	None
puñuq	None
chaskiykusqanki	Second person Singular
awankarqanku	Third person Plural
qillqaqhawaparqanku	Third person Plural
wikch'unchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
paqariylla	None
rikch'ayniykichikkunap	None
ruphayykintin	None
kutichisqanku	Third person Plural
ankallikurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
riqsinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
llamk'asqanku	Third person Plural
raphinchikkunapi	None
aychaykilla	None
ch'uyanchachunku	Third person Plural
aspichun	Third person Singular
amatiqsichunkuchu	Third person Plural
mirayniykukunarayku	None
kancharqan	Third person Singular
amachanchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
rurachunku	Third person Plural
hampirqankichik	Second person Plural
pisqu	None
kuchusaq	First person Singular
awsasaq	First person Singular
intin	None
imanachun	Third person Singular
hip'isaq	First person Singular
mitma	None
ch'aranchasqankichik	Second person Plural
qata	None
amakutichichunkuchu	Third person Plural
p'ampachanqa	Third person Singular
kayninmanta	None
ankallikuni	First person Singular
p'akiykunapura	None
allinyasqan	Third person Singular
yupaycharqanku	Third person Plural
tariy	Second person Singular
añikunqa	Third person Singular
ch'achusqan	Third person Singular
rurunqaku	Third person Plural
amananaychikchu	Second person Plural
achiwanchikkunata	None
alayrichirqanki	Second person Singular
kuraqniyta	None
amat'urpuchunchu	Third person Singular
tusuy	Second person Singular
thantasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'usaychik	Second person Plural
yañakunantin	None
ch'uqchusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amallullachunchu	Third person Singular
yañakuna	None
hurqusqan	Third person Singular
huñunakusqa	None
apucharqani	First person Singular
amamachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'irwasqan	Third person Singular
amachiqniychikchu	Second person Plural
phutirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
wallpachun	Third person Singular
hinaspa	None
ischuchasaq	First person Singular
askhayachirqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apakamusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
llullasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qillqaqhawayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tiksisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chapinnasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
urmayninkulla	None
ch'awarqan	Third person Singular
amachasqa	None
amawanuychu	Second person Singular
challwasqanki	Second person Singular
chayakamurqan	Third person Singular
punkini	First person Singular
askhayasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
apichasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pukarayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hanpurqan	Third person Singular
tupasqan	Third person Singular
suyukunap	None
puchkaykichikta	None
rit'iychik	Second person Plural
watani	First person Singular
askhayachinku	Third person Plural
asuykurqanki	Second person Singular
achhisaq	First person Singular
hamanq'aynchikpaq	None
amawayrachunkuchu	Third person Plural
saksachunku	Third person Plural
achisqa	None
rampanqaku	Third person Plural
saphinchikkunawan	None
amaq'ipiychikchu	Second person Plural
taytanpa	None
amarikuchiychu	Second person Singular
qhawayninchikkuna	None
qhawayniykunnaq	None
khallkiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pukllay	Second person Singular
huñuysiy	Second person Singular
thupachun	Third person Singular
haywakachani	First person Singular
amathupaychikchu	Second person Plural
suq'usaq	First person Singular
kutinku	Third person Plural
ch'akisaq	First person Singular
yura	None
chanka	None
yawnasqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'umayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ismurqanki	Second person Singular
ñawinchachun	Third person Singular
llanthuykulla	None
willkacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaqayaychu	Second person Singular
ch'iqichirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amarantiychu	Second person Singular
kanchanqa	Third person Singular
machu	None
chimpanqaku	Third person Plural
apichaychik	Second person Plural
malliy	Second person Singular
t'aqanchikkunakama	None
kusiyninchikkunanka	None
phukurqankichik	Second person Plural
qillqankukama	None
awaspa	None
chiqnikun	Third person Singular
hayllisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chihlluni	First person Singular
haywakachanku	Third person Plural
supichunku	Third person Plural
achanqarayninkukunakama	None
amawinachunchu	Third person Singular
amach'arkiychu	Second person Singular
punkisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
tutayarqanku	Third person Plural
rak'ini	First person Singular
arawarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
iqhan	Third person Singular
kallpanwan	None
kuchuspa	None
aywarqanku	Third person Plural
ñaqch'ayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
runa	None
aynirqan	Third person Singular
qayarqanku	Third person Plural
hak'uchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chikachan	Third person Singular
ruq'akunahina	None
chutarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
sumayniyninnaq	None
qallarisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yarpani	First person Singular
llaman	None
anschurichisqan	Third person Singular
wallpasqanki	Second person Singular
amahayratachiychikchu	Second person Plural
qichurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
mirayniykunakama	None
saqini	First person Singular
ñiq	None
amachurichakuychu	Second person Singular
wayllurqanku	Third person Plural
yayaykulla	None
amachanqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
churichakurqan	Third person Singular
nanaykunawan	None
anqusachunku	Third person Plural
phiñanpaq	None
amachaninchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ullpuykukunakama	None
chaskisqan	Third person Singular
rikch'ayniykunapura	None
rikch'arqanki	Second person Singular
puchkankukunahina	None
alawchanqaku	Third person Plural
haratani	First person Singular
tuqtuykichiklla	None
akllasqankichik	Second person Plural
yawarniykichikkunapura	None
amaachichunchu	Third person Singular
wachanku	Third person Plural
wasikunata	None
hampisqankichik	Second person Plural
allquchankupaq	None
qullpaykichikkunanka	None
yupaychayniykikunawan	None
amaurmachunkuchu	Third person Plural
ayninku	Third person Plural
antimanta	None
chiqniq	None
upallasaq	First person Singular
q'aparqan	Third person Singular
khuyasqankichik	Second person Plural
mink'aykichikkunapi	None
amaaycharachunchu	Third person Singular
asinku	Third person Plural
amahayt'aychikchu	Second person Plural
yapaykichikkunannaq	None
atipanman	None
paqarini	First person Singular
wawan	None
amaanschurichiychikchu	Second person Plural
wawqinchikkunamanta	None
ch'arkiy	Second person Singular
hawkanqa	Third person Singular
chanrararasqanki	Second person Singular
kanchan	Third person Singular
hayllin	Third person Singular
ch'akisqanku	Third person Plural
ñaqch'ankuna	None
t'antasqanki	Second person Singular
sukasqanku	Third person Plural
ch'achuyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chimpachin	Third person Singular
tiqsisqanku	Third person Plural
marq'apaq	None
larasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
armata	None
chamqasqanku	Third person Plural
churichakusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chankayki	None
k'anchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amauyarichunchu	Third person Singular
mamaykichikkunantin	None
añaychanqa	Third person Singular
ñawirirqani	First person Singular
irqiyan	Third person Singular
ullpukunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
achikyarqanku	Third person Plural
parlayninwan	None
ñawpa	None
allpaqaykikunahina	None
chalan	None
rumisqani	First person Singular
qinchasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
thatkinkukunapi	None
amaanschurichiychu	Second person Singular
t'impuchichunku	Third person Plural
harawarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
muchuyniykichikpa	None
wañukunantin	None
tupusqanki	Second person Singular
risunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
siminmanta	None
suq'urqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yapa	None
aychata	None
ch'arkiykichikkunantin	None
huchachakurqani	First person Singular
amaharwiychu	Second person Singular
tarina	None
anschurisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asipayanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
takiyniykilla	None
challwaykikunapaq	None
anschuykusqankichik	Second person Plural
waskasaq	First person Singular
hunt'achiychik	Second person Plural
amaruraychu	Second person Singular
sisanqa	Third person Singular
runakunawan	None
pirwa	None
amahiq'ipachunchu	Third person Singular
upallarqanku	Third person Plural
chapinnarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
challwasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
simp'an	Third person Singular
wanturqankichik	Second person Plural
wayllusqanki	Second person Singular
tiksirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sisankunapi	None
sayk'uyniykinka	None
pirwasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amahich'aychu	Second person Singular
q'apan	Third person Singular
hallmasqa	None
harawin	Third person Singular
amamusquchachunkuchu	Third person Plural
aypurisaq	First person Singular
wawap	None
wawqinchikkunarayku	None
añini	First person Singular
suyukunawan	None
suyrunta	None
amaqullpachunchu	Third person Singular
ch'uhtanarqan	Third person Singular
susuchun	Third person Singular
ñawikuna	None
ch'allasqankichik	Second person Plural
urqukunawan	None
hanuk'asaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suk'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
saphinku	Third person Plural
chulluchini	First person Singular
haytarakun	Third person Singular
intinkukunap	None
qhinchanpura	None
kinaykunapaq	None
takichun	Third person Singular
sumaykunapura	None
q'imini	First person Singular
sutikuna	None
ruphankukama	None
apakapusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qatinqa	Third person Singular
kachurqanku	Third person Plural
tarpurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'ipchiykuna	None
akulliyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
churpuy	Second person Singular
huch'uiyanqaku	Third person Plural
tipinwan	None
aqtuchunku	Third person Plural
chakatanqa	Third person Singular
raymikuna	None
sallankuntin	None
makinwan	None
ripuychik	Second person Plural
qullpaykukunapura	None
wichay	Second person Singular
hark'ankukunapaq	None
kurakaykinnaq	None
kallparqan	Third person Singular
mañanqa	Third person Singular
phutisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaparlachunchu	Third person Singular
apanquranchikkunaman	None
challwani	First person Singular
illayta	None
ichirqankichik	Second person Plural
amapisiychu	Second person Singular
ch'aqichun	Third person Singular
muyunkunantin	None
uyayniykirayku	None
chinkachisqanku	Third person Plural
ñukñu	None
amarikunakuychu	Second person Singular
t'ipinqaku	Third person Plural
hawkasqanki	Second person Singular
maywarqani	First person Singular
hich'arqanku	Third person Plural
yarquchun	Third person Singular
asnayniykichikkunahina	None
pukllaq	None
muyuta	None
huhllasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'unqasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'urpunqaku	Third person Plural
yawarniykuna	None
rikuriyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
maqakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'achusunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rirqani	First person Singular
chinkarparisqani	First person Singular
amaatikachunchu	Third person Singular
inqhiykacharqanku	Third person Plural
liyisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amayachachiychu	Second person Singular
suyuwan	None
apanqura	None
rikusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pach'akunata	None
yañay	Second person Singular
asisaq	First person Singular
akllurqani	First person Singular
armasaq	First person Singular
ch'aqiychik	Second person Plural
parlarqanku	Third person Plural
allpayachisaq	First person Singular
amaasnachunkuchu	Third person Plural
haywarqani	First person Singular
aqhaninka	None
sawani	First person Singular
ayqichiy	Second person Singular
amahut'uyaychikchu	Second person Plural
phaqsanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kaspa	None
amauynichunchu	Third person Singular
waylluni	First person Singular
yanapan	Third person Singular
ninaykichikkunanka	None
hurquspa	None
kachurqanki	Second person Singular
kuyurqanki	Second person Singular
ikmayasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
samanqa	Third person Singular
amaphaqsaychikchu	Second person Plural
amachinkachichunchu	Third person Singular
rikurqan	Third person Singular
t'impuchisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ñust'aykita	None
chinpirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
utqaylla	None
musquchanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
suyayninkukunarayku	None
chiqaqchani	First person Singular
rimana	None
chakiykichikman	None
illapachawwan	None
ch'uhtanasqankichik	Second person Plural
ch'illchichinqaku	Third person Plural
illapachaw	None
amasaruychu	Second person Singular
suyruykichikpa	None
asnarqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hephq'asqanku	Third person Plural
urmasqanku	Third person Plural
haywaykunaman	None
ch'antaychik	Second person Plural
sat'irqanku	Third person Plural
tupusqankichik	Second person Plural
maskharqan	Third person Singular
asiyninchikkunanka	None
churakusqankichik	Second person Plural
maqanakurqani	First person Singular
allquchanqa	Third person Singular
quwinkunap	None
amaismachunchu	Third person Singular
amakhipuychu	Second person Singular
hurqurqanku	Third person Plural
huqarirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
harwisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chahrakusqanki	Second person Singular
suyakuni	First person Singular
amaachikyaychu	Second person Singular
amalliphiychu	Second person Singular
yallirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rispa	None
huñusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
q'arasqanku	Third person Plural
qayasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
qillqaqhawasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
sunin	None
ayniykichiklla	None
antachasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
quyllurkuna	None
huchachakunqaku	Third person Plural
ruk'uyasqankichik	Second person Plural
allpanqaku	Third person Plural
kallpawan	None
kunasqankichik	Second person Plural
raqachanchikrayku	None
atilchanqa	Third person Singular
ch'iqmichisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
anschurichiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amach'iwkachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
tutapi	None
hik'iy	Second person Singular
sukhaykichikkunaman	None
q'imiyninchikpura	None
puqusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chikchirqanku	Third person Plural
chikchichunku	Third person Plural
llakinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
saphinqa	Third person Singular
riqsini	First person Singular
unquykuna	None
pirwarqanki	Second person Singular
arinsarqankichik	Second person Plural
amach'uyayachichunchu	Third person Singular
qhawarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'ipchisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
urmarqanki	Second person Singular
chukullikuni	First person Singular
llulla	None
huhllanqa	Third person Singular
watukuyninchiklla	None
pirwankunnaq	None
qhurusqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ayninwan	None
kaywan	None
chawpichasqankichik	Second person Plural
kamayuqniykunnaq	None
ñawiykuna	None
musphayykikunap	None
allquchasqan	Third person Singular
pantayninkunamanta	None
kachasqanki	Second person Singular
chimparqankichik	Second person Plural
amaalawchachunchu	Third person Singular
p'uruykichikkunata	None
chayasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
aypasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ñawranhina	None
chapasqan	Third person Singular
khuyan	Third person Singular
amachapatiyaychu	Second person Singular
churichakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
killakama	None
ayphayasqankichik	Second person Plural
allanku	Third person Plural
tarpuyniykuhina	None
allinyasaq	First person Singular
haymasaq	First person Singular
ch'uychusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
munayniykichikwan	None
unirqankichik	Second person Plural
kan	Third person Singular
qaranpi	None
kawsanku	Third person Plural
qallakunannaq	None
amachapakuychikchu	Second person Plural
tapunqa	Third person Singular
akllani	First person Singular
haymarqani	First person Singular
ñaqch'ankunantin	None
tukuchiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
uninqaku	Third person Plural
paqarisqan	Third person Singular
qapariylla	None
muyaykikunannaq	None
huñinqa	Third person Singular
yachachiy	Second person Singular
quriykunakama	None
qallanchikkunantin	None
khipunqaku	Third person Plural
chantani	First person Singular
huqarirqankichik	Second person Plural
yarpayninchikkunannaq	None
qharikuna	None
chayakamurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
aylluyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
chaskiwan	None
rakinkukunap	None
allinyachiy	Second person Singular
apaysinqaku	Third person Plural
hunt'arqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yurakunata	None
amaqinchaychikchu	Second person Plural
ch'utichun	Third person Singular
amaimanachunkuchu	Third person Plural
amachakataychu	Second person Singular
ispasqanki	Second person Singular
sayariychik	Second person Plural
taytan	None
ch'illchichini	First person Singular
allinyachichun	Third person Singular
saphisqan	Third person Singular
tuytusqanki	Second person Singular
qatirqani	First person Singular
qayaychik	Second person Plural
ispaykurayku	None
kutaynininka	None
taqtarqanki	Second person Singular
k'uychichawninchikkunawan	None
icharanku	Third person Plural
yarqurqan	Third person Singular
amachurpuchunchu	Third person Singular
churakusqani	First person Singular
suwarqan	Third person Singular
amaakullichunchu	Third person Singular
apuchachunku	Third person Plural
alawcharqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pakayninchikkunapura	None
asnayninkunaman	None
suyanqaku	Third person Plural
huñunakurqan	Third person Singular
qallarinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
watasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
pallaynchikta	None
rimachisqan	Third person Singular
q'apini	First person Singular
asuykurqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
maqanakusqanku	Third person Plural
hik'isqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
waqyasqan	Third person Singular
lliphllirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amach'awaychu	Second person Singular
allanqaku	Third person Plural
ch'illuchasqan	Third person Singular
ch'aqchuychik	Second person Plural
chinpichunku	Third person Plural
grasyaykunarayku	None
takusqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
awankarqan	Third person Singular
amach'utichunchu	Third person Singular
ayqisqan	Third person Singular
tantakunawan	None
aylluchakuychik	Second person Plural
wayran	Third person Singular
supayniykupura	None
wanuykukunamanta	None
kanirqankichik	Second person Plural
Dyus	None
alayrichirqankichik	Second person Plural
t'ipiykunamanta	None
lliphlliychik	Second person Plural
yarqurqanki	Second person Singular
puchqay	Second person Singular
yarqun	Third person Singular
allan	Third person Singular
amachapakuchunchu	Third person Singular
parasqanki	Second person Singular
ispapakuchun	Third person Singular
yañasaq	First person Singular
samayninchikrayku	None
amamusquchaychu	Second person Singular
t'ikraychik	Second person Plural
kuchuy	Second person Singular
awankasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
añirqankichik	Second person Plural
anqusan	Third person Singular
ninqa	Third person Singular
uywakunapi	None
sinchiykikunalla	None
churakurqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
achiy	Second person Singular
supay	None
amachamqachunkuchu	Third person Plural
urpiykichikkunakama	None
amaphinkichunkuchu	Third person Plural
mitmasaq	First person Singular
t'ustuyniykichikkuna	None
raphinkunata	None
qunqarqani	First person Singular
chiqanchikpura	None
chikchiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
paraykichikkunamanta	None
suyukunapi	None
taripayniykuta	None
chanchasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chulluchunku	Third person Plural
chirirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
ch'antarqan	Third person Singular
much'achun	Third person Singular
amach'akayachunkuchu	Third person Plural
paqarisqankichik	Second person Plural
achikyani	First person Singular
awanaykikunakama	None
chinruykachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
rikch'ayniykichikrayku	None
ruphachisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wichan	Third person Singular
kuskankunnaq	None
phallchakunarayku	None
yachakurqanku	Third person Plural
sirasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
willkasqanku	Third person Plural
kunununuchunku	Third person Plural
amakallchaychikchu	Second person Plural
waska	None
tusuyniykupura	None
chiriyachinqaku	Third person Plural
puchkachunku	Third person Plural
ch'arkisaq	First person Singular
allinyachisqanku	Third person Plural
unqusqa	None
arawasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
q'iwinkunaman	None
tiksi	None
harwiychik	Second person Plural
huq'uchanku	Third person Plural
mitikunqa	Third person Singular
kallchayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
asiyniykurayku	None
rimanku	Third person Plural
chaskiykurqan	Third person Singular
aqhaykinnaq	None
rurunku	Third person Plural
llaqwasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
upallayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hayratachirqankichik	Second person Plural
unisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yañaychik	Second person Plural
amaachichunkuchu	Third person Plural
thupayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amaalawchaychu	Second person Singular
q'imiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ch'uspanchikkunakama	None
hunt'achirqan	Third person Singular
ayñisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wak'api	None
chancharqani	First person Singular
amaqhinchachachunchu	Third person Singular
achurachun	Third person Singular
sinchita	None
amawillachunkuchu	Third person Plural
achin	Third person Singular
p'uchquy	Second person Singular
hap'isaq	First person Singular
parlayninkunka	None
amachaychik	Second person Plural
allquchasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yaya	None
chanqayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
qispichiq	None
churakunqaku	Third person Plural
urmasqan	Third person Singular
haywakachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
ruran	Third person Singular
awankanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wacharqani	First person Singular
amamitmaychu	Second person Singular
aqturqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chapasqankichik	Second person Plural
amamillaychu	Second person Singular
qallarisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
kuntikunakama	None
iñirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amaqullpachunkuchu	Third person Plural
chuhchuychik	Second person Plural
ch'iqichirqani	First person Singular
qurqan	Third person Singular
q'iminchikkunata	None
huñichunku	Third person Plural
kachan	Third person Singular
ch'aphranay	Second person Singular
yallisqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
hapasqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
tikanrayku	None
chimpachisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'ikray	Second person Singular
amasumachunchu	Third person Singular
amawantuchunchu	Third person Singular
harawi	None
wasip	None
q'iwinqaku	Third person Plural
huñisqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
suyunkukunapaq	None
achurasqankichik	Second person Plural
ñawiychik	Second person Plural
allparqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
t'impuchirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
musqucharqankichik	Second person Plural
apamusqani	First person Singular
atipachikuy	Second person Singular
kuskankunka	None
wawankuna	None
amataqtachunchu	Third person Singular
achkachaychik	Second person Plural
chapachunku	Third person Plural
mitikurqankichik	Second person Plural
chumpisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
k'ancharqanku	Third person Plural
asisqanku	Third person Plural
amarit'ichunchu	Third person Singular
wachaspa	None
rak'isqan	Third person Singular
kutayku	Exclusive+First person Plural
arawaychik	Second person Plural
ullpunkuman	None
paray	Second person Singular
hark'ayniykichikmanta	None
ashinku	Third person Plural
qhinchachanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
kutita	None
hut'uyasqani	First person Singular
amaallichiychu	Second person Singular
qishyarqanku	Third person Plural
llamk'asqanki	Second person Singular
yachachunku	Third person Plural
kallchanku	Third person Plural
llullarqanku	Third person Plural
harawirqanku	Third person Plural
chahrakusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
hurqusqanki	Second person Singular
amaaymuraychikchu	Second person Plural
aqtuy	Second person Singular
ususiykunamanta	None
raphipaq	None
waskasqan	Third person Singular
iñisaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
icharasqanki	Second person Singular
ch'usanku	Third person Plural
thatkinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
puqurqani	First person Singular
chiriyachirqanchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
yawnachunku	Third person Plural
atillchaykikama	None
rikuriyninchikkunata	None
yapasaq	First person Singular
wiñasaq	First person Singular
willan	Third person Singular
chapakuy	Second person Singular
yachachinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chimpachirqanki	Second person Singular
rit'irqanku	Third person Plural
yupanpura	None
huq'arichun	Third person Singular
asnayniykikuna	None
wanana	None
akullini	First person Singular
ayllurqani	First person Singular
yunkakama	None
añaychasunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
wawanpa	None
chapunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
t'aqaykunapura	None
samay	Second person Singular
puriyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
achurasaq	First person Singular
miraymanta	None
llalliykunantin	None
phinkinchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
chalaypura	None
hanaqninkuhina	None
hamurpasqankichik	Second person Plural
antachasaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
amamalliychu	Second person Singular
hik'ipakurqani	First person Singular
chinkachiyku	Exclusive+First person Plural
awasqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
punkunchikkunantin	None
rikunakurqankichik	Second person Plural
saqisunchik	First person+Inclusive Plural
amachapinnachunchu	Third person Singular
kallpayniykunka	None
millachun	Third person Singular
phawaykacharqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
pachakuna	None
arphayanku	Third person Plural
mallkinchikpura	None
qaparirqanki	Second person Singular
muyusaqku	Exclusive+First person Plural
quyllurchaw	None
sayarqaniku	Exclusive+First person Plural
yachakuqniykunnaq	None
kallpasaq	First person Singular
