revisada	None
chocará	Third person Singular
migrado	None
correspondido	None
rolavam	Third person Plural
subiu	Third person Singular
filmamos	First person Plural
investiu	Third person Singular
fundiu	Third person Singular
consolidando	None
legado	None
fundidos	None
atiram	Third person Plural
apavorada	None
devolvidas	None
partiste	Second person Singular
desleixando	None
adicionei	First person Singular
arrefeceu	Third person Singular
transmitiam	Third person Plural
zumbiu	Third person Singular
brocados	None
fatorou	Third person Singular
coçadas	None
disputará	Third person Singular
aceitadas	None
aparecerá	Third person Singular
retirou	Third person Singular
disporá	Third person Singular
podas	Second person Singular
jubilou	Third person Singular
actuassem	Third person Plural
caraterizado	None
compadeceu	Third person Singular
organizando	None
embasada	None
autenticas	Second person Singular
lixamos	First person Plural
avarias	Second person Singular
aniquilados	None
ruíssem	Third person Plural
cagou	Third person Singular
amadurecíeis	Second person Plural
faladas	None
sublimastes	Second person Plural
abusavam	Third person Plural
concluem	Third person Plural
machucando	None
adocicarias	Second person Singular
batalhas	Second person Singular
segadas	None
vou	First person Singular
colaboram	Third person Plural
qualifiquei	First person Singular
faremos	First person Plural
abandonado	None
deletou	Third person Singular
adornam	Third person Plural
rejeitámos	First person Plural
sabotada	None
emprestei	First person Singular
contei	First person Singular
ditavam	Third person Plural
homenageavam	Third person Plural
revoltassem	Third person Plural
escutadas	None
zeradas	None
desabotoada	None
proporcionam	Third person Plural
miam	Third person Plural
reproduziremos	First person Plural
requisitavam	Third person Plural
pesquisadas	None
recaíssem	Third person Plural
convencionais	Second person Plural
renunciassem	Third person Plural
filmado	None
lavei	First person Singular
queimamos	First person Plural
apitado	None
levavam	Third person Plural
erigiu	Third person Singular
bisbilhotadas	None
provenho	First person Singular
aguardamos	First person Plural
quereriam	Third person Plural
bordados	None
arreio	First person Singular
desconhecidos	None
embaraçamos	First person Plural
acirram	Third person Plural
martelado	None
acarretará	Third person Singular
progrediam	Third person Plural
batizo	First person Singular
beirados	None
desesperados	None
escoltada	None
evadiu	Third person Singular
desacelerando	None
espocando	None
condecorando	None
destroçais	Second person Plural
espirrada	None
solicitadas	None
consignássemos	First person Plural
arrepiássemos	First person Plural
contassem	Third person Plural
comutadas	None
simulados	None
desenvolvidas	None
lustrando	None
lamentásseis	Second person Plural
atraem	Third person Plural
paparicados	None
estatuídas	None
renovados	None
elogiavam	Third person Plural
nutrias	Second person Singular
trançado	None
tumefizeras	Second person Singular
propagará	Third person Singular
aportas	Second person Singular
relutada	None
revelassem	Third person Plural
namoravam	Third person Plural
murai	Second person Plural
incitavam	Third person Plural
diminuídas	None
investiguei	First person Singular
pilotavam	Third person Plural
interessará	Third person Singular
vislumbram	Third person Plural
furados	None
desencadeou	Third person Singular
esganado	None
encontrarás	Second person Singular
receitas	Second person Singular
devastam	Third person Plural
gano	First person Singular
apressariam	Third person Plural
encherá	Third person Singular
imposto	None
sobraçássemos	First person Plural
preencherá	Third person Singular
defino	First person Singular
autorizasses	Second person Singular
aero	First person Singular
burlaremos	First person Plural
curveteareis	Second person Plural
prezam	Third person Plural
acabará	Third person Singular
ablaqueando	None
curai	Second person Plural
estraguei	First person Singular
revisamos	First person Plural
anotei	First person Singular
buzinaras	Second person Singular
criticassem	Third person Plural
expulsada	None
destaco	First person Singular
interpelei	First person Singular
aleitados	None
idolatravam	Third person Plural
conversados	None
friccionarão	Third person Plural
consultam	Third person Plural
navego	First person Singular
integravam	Third person Plural
efetivado	None
choramingando	None
compreendiam	Third person Plural
sabeis	Second person Plural
torneado	None
delineiam	Third person Plural
soluçando	None
verificaremos	First person Plural
suspeitando	None
liberassem	Third person Plural
quintuplicou	Third person Singular
chamai	Second person Plural
registrado	None
caças	Second person Singular
fortificou	Third person Singular
aliou	Third person Singular
fotografei	First person Singular
resmungáramos	First person Plural
paridos	None
alças	Second person Singular
beiram	Third person Plural
minto	First person Singular
brincando	None
obteremos	First person Plural
manifestamos	First person Plural
aportassem	Third person Plural
sediavam	Third person Plural
coadjuvou	Third person Singular
arquejada	None
marretando	None
ajeitada	None
corrigidas	None
subestimadas	None
bombeiam	Third person Plural
alertamos	First person Plural
urbanizados	None
ofereci	First person Singular
achará	Third person Singular
assenhoreado	None
inibido	None
venerando	None
fritadas	None
envelhecestes	Second person Plural
anexará	Third person Singular
alteravam	Third person Plural
submetessem	Third person Plural
iluminadas	None
alcalinizasses	Second person Singular
perfizesses	Second person Singular
instituiu	Third person Singular
narram	Third person Plural
participamos	First person Plural
parados	None
candidatam	Third person Plural
engabelarás	Second person Singular
fornecem	Third person Plural
incrustando	None
alteradas	None
avistam	Third person Plural
presenciais	Second person Plural
obrou	Third person Singular
retomo	First person Singular
alcançaste	Second person Singular
atuais	Second person Plural
mudarão	Third person Plural
amadurecidas	None
consultada	None
duplicando	None
odiados	None
desabraçáveis	Second person Plural
chateou	Third person Singular
denotada	None
arribado	None
processam	Third person Plural
atribuo	First person Singular
pelariam	Third person Plural
votando	None
trolladas	None
replicáveis	Second person Plural
retificaríeis	Second person Plural
recompensarias	Second person Singular
devidos	None
confortada	None
prensou	Third person Singular
patrulhais	Second person Plural
conceituastes	Second person Plural
aterro	First person Singular
bico	First person Singular
acerto	First person Singular
humilhadas	None
coroariam	Third person Plural
suplantado	None
unes	Second person Singular
traçou	Third person Singular
precisando	None
aperreada	None
montados	None
tilintado	None
engolfarei	First person Singular
fantasio	First person Singular
estrelassem	Third person Plural
cumprirão	Third person Plural
inteirou	Third person Singular
comparavam	Third person Plural
desconfiadas	None
fabricam	Third person Plural
promoviam	Third person Plural
dedicassem	Third person Plural
ajudo	First person Singular
afogado	None
reassistirás	Second person Singular
taixássemos	First person Plural
tutelados	None
enganassem	Third person Plural
embriagadas	None
descansou	Third person Singular
regurgitasses	Second person Singular
somamos	First person Plural
esgotam	Third person Plural
enfarinhasses	Second person Singular
transbordavam	Third person Plural
infringes	Second person Singular
aprovisionada	None
reprovada	None
feris	Second person Plural
evacuam	Third person Plural
applicadas	None
desenvolvi	First person Singular
relatará	Third person Singular
rotulada	None
outorgavam	Third person Plural
matriculadas	None
renuncio	First person Singular
reconto	First person Singular
computáveis	Second person Plural
unificando	None
dizimávamos	First person Plural
barbearias	Second person Singular
sapeias	Second person Singular
purgarias	Second person Singular
trapaceando	None
tramada	None
mostraremos	First person Plural
ricocheteiam	Third person Plural
vislumbradas	None
miareis	Second person Plural
captavam	Third person Plural
cristalizou	Third person Singular
patrulhavam	Third person Plural
reflorestadas	None
emancipados	None
chegavam	Third person Plural
incinerados	None
desenroláreis	Second person Plural
tangará	Third person Singular
acabo	First person Singular
neutralizados	None
desvendam	Third person Plural
disponibilizado	None
emagrecido	None
comoverei	First person Singular
endereço	First person Singular
fluoreto	First person Singular
alcovitavas	Second person Singular
santificáveis	Second person Plural
escoltam	Third person Plural
suporto	First person Singular
metabolizáramos	First person Plural
contarei	First person Singular
recorro	First person Singular
elucidada	None
fantasiada	None
influenciarão	Third person Plural
lapidarei	First person Singular
vulnerásseis	Second person Plural
vidráramos	First person Plural
abastecêssemos	First person Plural
rufo	First person Singular
vadeáramos	First person Plural
receberão	Third person Plural
vissem	Third person Plural
denunciavam	Third person Plural
responsabilizo	First person Singular
decaem	Third person Plural
enamorando	None
dispersaríamos	First person Plural
provocassem	Third person Plural
mixado	None
satisfizerem	Third person Plural
reli	First person Singular
desembestasses	Second person Singular
regulamentou	Third person Singular
bailam	Third person Plural
editarão	Third person Plural
firmado	None
desinstalai	Second person Plural
seguiam	Third person Plural
apuro	First person Singular
cresceste	Second person Singular
avaliariam	Third person Plural
armas	Second person Singular
procederá	Third person Singular
percebem	Third person Plural
desprezáveis	Second person Plural
enfrentarão	Third person Plural
sentido	None
reverteríamos	First person Plural
modelou	Third person Singular
açacaladas	None
perderei	First person Singular
esvaindo	None
soco	First person Singular
piladas	None
refrescados	None
aparentam	Third person Plural
acuminaríamos	First person Plural
coexistiriam	Third person Plural
censurou	Third person Singular
encarcerou	Third person Singular
reocorrêssemos	First person Plural
surto	First person Singular
concorrerá	Third person Singular
deformando	None
vivenciam	Third person Plural
denotou	Third person Singular
manchas	Second person Singular
consentidos	None
manamos	First person Plural
esticássemos	First person Plural
cobiçariam	Third person Plural
suponho	First person Singular
limitariam	Third person Plural
advinham	Third person Plural
estabeleço	First person Singular
noticiavam	Third person Plural
cresceu	Third person Singular
sacrificando	None
hospedarias	Second person Singular
lembrai	Second person Plural
canalizávamos	First person Plural
entendida	None
lavrando	None
peneirando	None
entenderei	First person Singular
enfatizando	None
despedaçando	None
cricrilaremos	First person Plural
circulam	Third person Plural
fotografam	Third person Plural
incentivavam	Third person Plural
vandalizei	First person Singular
opinavam	Third person Plural
votavam	Third person Plural
culpada	None
aplicarás	Second person Singular
agoirados	None
pescas	Second person Singular
emocionais	Second person Plural
discriminados	None
provinham	Third person Plural
gorjeio	First person Singular
competirá	Third person Singular
beberias	Second person Singular
franjado	None
implemento	First person Singular
originavam	Third person Plural
julgassem	Third person Plural
precisará	Third person Singular
dissuadida	None
aparatáreis	Second person Plural
hidrogenam	Third person Plural
zango	First person Singular
florestareis	Second person Plural
vitimou	Third person Singular
amotinada	None
vulgarizados	None
trazerem	Third person Plural
encenámos	First person Plural
comentaríeis	Second person Plural
depreciareis	Second person Plural
beijei	First person Singular
especificados	None
equipou	Third person Singular
negamos	First person Plural
empatando	None
conseguem	Third person Plural
apuravam	Third person Plural
nacionalizou	Third person Singular
impetrou	Third person Singular
empanado	None
induziam	Third person Plural
prezo	First person Singular
faltei	First person Singular
denigrem	Third person Plural
projetáveis	Second person Plural
peleando	None
chamam	Third person Plural
experimentarão	Third person Plural
considerado	None
versai	Second person Plural
apoquentada	None
preteríamos	First person Plural
providenciam	Third person Plural
reluziríeis	Second person Plural
apregoada	None
confiscasses	Second person Singular
abicado	None
aceleravam	Third person Plural
barrarás	Second person Singular
anualizadas	None
incendiada	None
desdemocratizarão	Third person Plural
sagro	First person Singular
marcháramos	First person Plural
sussurram	Third person Plural
afirmassem	Third person Plural
sinalizam	Third person Plural
discriminou	Third person Singular
berro	First person Singular
investidas	None
definem	Third person Plural
comino	First person Singular
dificultou	Third person Singular
secreto	First person Singular
monopolizou	Third person Singular
manejam	Third person Plural
rilhados	None
adotaremos	First person Plural
reviso	First person Singular
provido	None
oxidados	None
recomeçada	None
fundissem	Third person Plural
esfriados	None
popularizadas	None
curo	First person Singular
abominareis	Second person Plural
fluoretaríeis	Second person Plural
obliterado	None
renderá	Third person Singular
aconchego	First person Singular
mastigando	None
sequestram	Third person Plural
aplaudiriam	Third person Plural
reenchidas	None
estouráramos	First person Plural
paralizando	None
sovada	None
espantei	First person Singular
poupamos	First person Plural
envelheciam	Third person Plural
amanhecêreis	Second person Plural
gostavam	Third person Plural
trotado	None
escavais	Second person Plural
soterrarei	First person Singular
leem	Third person Plural
feriam	Third person Plural
intermedio	First person Singular
batizado	None
mostro	First person Singular
assemelhavam	Third person Plural
gostam	Third person Plural
salvaguardada	None
tributada	None
reordenou	Third person Singular
anodizadas	None
zurradas	None
abobadadas	None
concorrendo	None
triplicados	None
atendida	None
furtados	None
acupunturavas	Second person Singular
apedrejadas	None
reconquistado	None
recuperamos	First person Plural
aumentastes	Second person Plural
pulverizadas	None
brigassem	Third person Plural
duro	First person Singular
assastes	Second person Plural
mostrou	Third person Singular
interviriam	Third person Plural
acrescentamos	First person Plural
adjetivo	First person Singular
dispus	First person Singular
almoçada	None
poupei	First person Singular
rebaixou	Third person Singular
presenteavam	Third person Plural
costumas	Second person Singular
repassou	Third person Singular
coibi	First person Singular
impressionavam	Third person Plural
caminhavam	Third person Plural
mandarei	First person Singular
ampliei	First person Singular
percorrem	Third person Plural
censurados	None
vinculou	Third person Singular
desaparecias	Second person Singular
ousassem	Third person Plural
calculáveis	Second person Plural
retaliados	None
ameacei	First person Singular
planejadas	None
charqueávamos	First person Plural
contratada	None
extirpou	Third person Singular
zumbo	First person Singular
apaziguada	None
verias	Second person Singular
agachou	Third person Singular
viste	Second person Singular
ressecados	None
solicitados	None
esmaltadas	None
alteramos	First person Plural
somas	Second person Singular
coincidissem	Third person Plural
selo	First person Singular
entoado	None
decretada	None
inculcaras	Second person Singular
subornou	Third person Singular
ultrapassassem	Third person Plural
visitando	None
grafitadas	None
documentei	First person Singular
registravam	Third person Plural
freiada	None
enfronhada	None
faço	First person Singular
escoltas	Second person Singular
reverberada	None
atrasam	Third person Plural
concordas	Second person Singular
desmembram	Third person Plural
regozijássemos	First person Plural
antitetizada	None
enlaçam	Third person Plural
activam	Third person Plural
emerges	Second person Singular
manifestou	Third person Singular
ronronando	None
secou	Third person Singular
controlada	None
desconsideraras	Second person Singular
tumultuada	None
inauguramos	First person Plural
investigassem	Third person Plural
beijou	Third person Singular
subornado	None
perfilada	None
acerbavas	Second person Singular
disputas	Second person Singular
numerizais	Second person Plural
acabrunhado	None
prováveis	Second person Plural
acanharíeis	Second person Plural
requeriam	Third person Plural
impacto	First person Singular
afinadas	None
descamados	None
devorada	None
corri	First person Singular
palpadas	None
entregariam	Third person Plural
limpo	First person Singular
libertarias	Second person Singular
conquistou	Third person Singular
aportaremos	First person Plural
coassinará	Third person Singular
enganou	Third person Singular
esquentado	None
tentámos	First person Plural
endeusando	None
noticiadas	None
furado	None
caiu	Third person Singular
reencontramos	First person Plural
governada	None
desfragmentados	None
amancebada	None
emigrassem	Third person Plural
oferecessem	Third person Plural
soará	Third person Singular
fazeres	Second person Singular
dublará	Third person Singular
adolescerá	Third person Singular
impero	First person Singular
revertiam	Third person Plural
aterrissou	Third person Singular
abusassem	Third person Plural
incendeiam	Third person Plural
pressentiu	Third person Singular
sorteadas	None
favoreço	First person Singular
experienciais	Second person Plural
anoitecido	None
mosqueam	Third person Plural
excitáveis	Second person Plural
doutrinais	Second person Plural
escolheriam	Third person Plural
aliviadas	None
reverenciam	Third person Plural
telegrafou	Third person Singular
prego	First person Singular
considerassem	Third person Plural
incriminam	Third person Plural
envolvo	First person Singular
ouviu	Third person Singular
damos	First person Plural
regulamentam	Third person Plural
abrissem	Third person Plural
estufas	Second person Singular
vislumbro	First person Singular
apaixonassem	Third person Plural
chamará	Third person Singular
extraditado	None
retratou	Third person Singular
pareciam	Third person Plural
decidirá	Third person Singular
investida	None
comungado	None
pio	First person Singular
lampejarão	Third person Plural
publicando	None
regeríamos	First person Plural
esmurrámos	First person Plural
vejo	First person Singular
cambo	First person Singular
consolidadas	None
fumavam	Third person Plural
suportou	Third person Singular
rabiscou	Third person Singular
afirmado	None
sequestradas	None
obedeceu	Third person Singular
suspeito	First person Singular
bastou	Third person Singular
condiz	Third person Singular
toco	First person Singular
entediadas	None
manipulam	Third person Plural
realizo	First person Singular
homenageásseis	Second person Plural
grelhadas	None
negocio	First person Singular
perpetuáramos	First person Plural
concorrida	None
ressaltado	None
incentivamos	First person Plural
advêm	Third person Plural
caçando	None
reaproveitando	None
manufaturas	Second person Singular
unificou	Third person Singular
temeu	Third person Singular
lixiviais	Second person Plural
salvai	Second person Plural
demorando	None
levantarão	Third person Plural
afirmo	First person Singular
farão	Third person Plural
contrapeso	First person Singular
pintei	First person Singular
repreendendo	None
zumbificada	None
lutando	None
bancarão	Third person Plural
dançada	None
enfeitiçando	None
roubando	None
estrelariam	Third person Plural
levamos	First person Plural
cristianizado	None
progrediu	Third person Singular
desmantelando	None
assassino	First person Singular
engasgavas	Second person Singular
repassadas	None
evangelizou	Third person Singular
queimas	Second person Singular
maximizou	Third person Singular
vivenciamos	First person Plural
arseniado	None
saturou	Third person Singular
dinamitadas	None
denotamos	First person Plural
purgaríeis	Second person Plural
retratada	None
aliciados	None
sediariam	Third person Plural
estagiado	None
aconteciam	Third person Plural
acediam	Third person Plural
premiadas	None
gelam	Third person Plural
menstruados	None
substituída	None
travamos	First person Plural
tentado	None
coordenou	Third person Singular
sacrificou	Third person Singular
escapei	First person Singular
veneram	Third person Plural
olharão	Third person Plural
ceias	Second person Singular
incendiassem	Third person Plural
sumo	First person Singular
distanciando	None
arrancou	Third person Singular
flexionais	Second person Plural
cravados	None
louvavam	Third person Plural
praticáveis	Second person Plural
emmagreceste	Second person Singular
demitidos	None
irritáveis	Second person Plural
aperto	First person Singular
abarcado	None
impedidos	None
assemelham	Third person Plural
firmam	Third person Plural
priorizam	Third person Plural
bóias	Second person Singular
vilipendiastes	Second person Plural
bacharelados	None
tomarei	First person Singular
desembestado	None
deparam	Third person Plural
pendo	First person Singular
cutucamos	First person Plural
vitorias	Second person Singular
originará	Third person Singular
guarnecidos	None
posicionei	First person Singular
obrigadas	None
notaremos	First person Plural
impedirão	Third person Plural
transpôs	Third person Singular
reencontrará	Third person Singular
procuraremos	First person Plural
expressado	None
vidrariam	Third person Plural
obrigassem	Third person Plural
entrelaçarei	First person Singular
existo	First person Singular
lede	Second person Plural
exilado	None
atanazado	None
poluídos	None
investigado	None
apoiariam	Third person Plural
expandísseis	Second person Plural
lustrarão	Third person Plural
carregais	Second person Plural
arrefecido	None
abobadada	None
maquiados	None
ranqueadas	None
rompeu	Third person Singular
clamada	None
caluniaremos	First person Plural
acedidos	None
coleciono	First person Singular
testei	First person Singular
ampliassem	Third person Plural
dilatassem	Third person Plural
fruiríamos	First person Plural
submergidas	None
descobriam	Third person Plural
debilitas	Second person Singular
atrapalhará	Third person Singular
estrangulais	Second person Plural
cozinhou	Third person Singular
servis	Second person Plural
latinizarias	Second person Singular
degradou	Third person Singular
datas	Second person Singular
desconsideradas	None
limitou	Third person Singular
tributáveis	Second person Plural
ignorassem	Third person Plural
contarão	Third person Plural
arquivam	Third person Plural
jejuavam	Third person Plural
venerados	None
encho	First person Singular
sepulto	First person Singular
digitais	Second person Plural
substanciando	None
practicastes	Second person Plural
melhoramos	First person Plural
correspondiam	Third person Plural
manufaturado	None
arrependerá	Third person Singular
marquei	First person Singular
chio	First person Singular
remontando	None
desprotegida	None
encapsulou	Third person Singular
segrego	First person Singular
cansarão	Third person Plural
prescrevem	Third person Plural
tratado	None
enfeitiçada	None
reivindicada	None
concluíssem	Third person Plural
renomeado	None
reforçada	None
reproduzindo	None
esquecessem	Third person Plural
desterrando	None
imperam	Third person Plural
influenciam	Third person Plural
trinchada	None
forçariam	Third person Plural
empatadas	None
exerceriam	Third person Plural
burlasses	Second person Singular
pactuasses	Second person Singular
desenvolvo	First person Singular
piso	First person Singular
afamados	None
mumificastes	Second person Plural
oscularias	Second person Singular
armo	First person Singular
trovoarão	Third person Plural
recompensas	Second person Singular
infectou	Third person Singular
alimentadas	None
parariam	Third person Plural
custeio	First person Singular
encontramos	First person Plural
buscando	None
seguidos	None
perseguem	Third person Plural
curvavam	Third person Plural
negociamos	First person Plural
atraídos	None
pousando	None
respirado	None
suavizou	Third person Singular
subjugado	None
vermelhou	Third person Singular
coletados	None
pactados	None
maquinarias	Second person Singular
espalharias	Second person Singular
significam	Third person Plural
partirão	Third person Plural
direcionam	Third person Plural
sincretizada	None
evolados	None
cumprirei	First person Singular
ressalvadas	None
encorpados	None
perceberá	Third person Singular
banalizaríeis	Second person Plural
lucraríamos	First person Plural
provoco	First person Singular
afazeres	Second person Singular
delegam	Third person Plural
enganado	None
raspas	Second person Singular
derrotará	Third person Singular
ouso	First person Singular
convenci	First person Singular
aceito	First person Singular
rumo	First person Singular
aflorou	Third person Singular
cancelo	First person Singular
sarado	None
reverberei	First person Singular
penduram	Third person Plural
balam	Third person Plural
desmoronada	None
tivessem	Third person Plural
dissimulado	None
abrandada	None
ramificam	Third person Plural
traze	Second person Singular
estampando	None
cortamos	First person Plural
indo	None
lascastes	Second person Plural
invectivada	None
refugiada	None
necessitam	Third person Plural
compões	Second person Singular
apresentarão	Third person Plural
chapas	Second person Singular
alistou	Third person Singular
emergem	Third person Plural
citada	None
intensificando	None
tragássemos	First person Plural
amimados	None
cedeu	Third person Singular
descreveriam	Third person Plural
indenizada	None
orlados	None
noticiavas	Second person Singular
espaço	First person Singular
degelado	None
corto	First person Singular
seriais	Second person Plural
esperávamos	First person Plural
seduziu	Third person Singular
começarei	First person Singular
mentiu	Third person Singular
punindo	None
quedam	Third person Plural
sorrindo	None
alarmados	None
aqueceu	Third person Singular
suspeyto	First person Singular
torturam	Third person Plural
concentrastes	Second person Plural
cassadas	None
clicáveis	Second person Plural
releio	First person Singular
encenado	None
espantará	Third person Singular
esmerou	Third person Singular
designassem	Third person Plural
sedas	Second person Singular
orientamos	First person Plural
