watuyniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
mirayniyman	Possession by 1.sg
puchkanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
apanqurankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
qatankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
tupa	None
achiwankunalla	Possession by 3.sg
rak'iyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
marq'anchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chimpankichik	None
churiykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
much'ayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tamyanchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
maqayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
ullantayniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
allquchankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
waqyaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
wiksaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
awkipura	None
yarpayniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
ichhuyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
hark'aykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takayninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
haywayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tukusqa	None
rutuykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
takayniypura	Possession by 1.sg
chihlluna	None
ñiyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
wakikuna	None
sukaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
wichasqani	None
muchuyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
taskiykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khipukamayuqniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
marq'aynininka	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikankupa	Possession by 3.pl
llaqtaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
kutiyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupaychayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
phallchakunakama	None
mayllayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
usaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
yupiypaq	Possession by 1.sg
muchuyniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
qullqiypa	Possession by 1.sg
amaallaychu	None
suyup	None
ch'umaychik	None
kamayuqkunakama	None
huhyana	None
khuyankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
paninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
arinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
turinchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipanakusqanku	None
upyasqaniku	None
ayrampunpaq	Possession by 3.sg
pichana	None
waqayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
suruqch'inchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rirpunkuna	Possession by 3.sg
illapanka	None
t'ipirayku	None
amaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
rantikuyniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
pakarqan	None
ch'arkispa	None
ullpunchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
marq'ayninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
kunti	None
yachakuqninkama	Possession by 3.sg
qaway	Possession by 1.sg
saruykunantin	None
mikhunamanta	None
chaskiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
p'uyñuykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
wasinchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kusiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ripuwlikankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
phutiykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
quyllurniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
runankulla	Possession by 3.pl
mink'arqankichik	None
wallpaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
chapisqan	None
qatanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
qisanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
raymiykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
unquyniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
suyakuyykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
amamusphachunkuchu	None
pallayykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukllay	None
wantuy	Possession by 1.sg
tiyanankunka	Possession by 3.pl
mitk'anchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taskiypaq	Possession by 1.sg
siminmanta	Possession by 3.sg
raqachanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sallankuman	Possession by 3.pl
chumpinmanta	Possession by 3.sg
puchkayninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
tutasqani	None
wasita	None
llamankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
akulliq	None
wamp'uyniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qataykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wiqinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rikch'ayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
qhinchanka	None
masikuna	None
thitiykikama	Possession by 2.sg
takinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wampumanta	None
chantaynpaq	Possession by 3.sg
wayrachinaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
qillqanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ikmaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
sumayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
sipiyku	None
antankaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiy	Possession by 1.sg
tupayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikuriyninlla	Possession by 3.sg
wiqiywan	Possession by 1.sg
sayariylla	None
tipinchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puquyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
kañankuta	Possession by 3.pl
amauyarichunchu	None
ayrampuykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
ruruyman	Possession by 1.sg
tantaykita	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychiypa	Possession by 1.sg
samayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
chawaykama	None
waqyasqa	None
khataykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
illapanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutayninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
waqtankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
ususinkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
hurqusqa	None
humint'anchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ikmalla	None
huqariykikama	Possession by 2.sg
tarpuykunakama	None
qhichwanman	Possession by 3.sg
huchaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mikhusqa	None
t'itusqanchik	None
ariykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
sumayniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pituykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uchquyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ikanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pach'aykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kunturninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
yachachiqlla	None
ayniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
churilla	None
illanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
wawankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
iñiq	None
kanqa	None
ch'askachawninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
kusiyniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
challwarayku	None
awanaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achhiyniy	Possession by 1.sg
watuyniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
tampuykikama	Possession by 2.sg
qaraykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
millayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
inkillniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
ullantayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
t'antaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
illapaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñit'irqaniku	None
yarqaykunaman	None
tupuyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
llulluq	None
ullantayniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
ch'awasqaniku	None
illapaykama	Possession by 1.sg
sallaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
wamphuykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tupuykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ullpuykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
munayniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kinaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
khipukamayuqniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
tantasqa	None
ñawichunku	None
riqsinchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwaqniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
akllaspa	None
wallpaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rinqa	None
qusiykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qarayninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañuyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
simp'aykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'imiykipi	Possession by 2.sg
aspin	None
millankuman	Possession by 3.pl
phuruymanta	Possession by 1.sg
taytankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
harchiyayku	None
t'ikrankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
pikchunkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
hankaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tiksipaq	None
sukhaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
t'ikrankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
kinwa	None
mayllasqanki	None
harchiyasunchik	None
sayayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapachawniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
wayrachirqaniku	None
tipiykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
wiqinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
pawanku	None
antankaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taripayniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
riqsinchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qapariyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
aysachunku	None
wallpankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
patachaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
sat'iyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rankhinkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
askhayaychik	None
kunaykunarayku	None
wayrachinaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
paraykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
allquchaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
anqilniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'aqaykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
rankhinkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
llamk'anaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
maqayninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
ruphayykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taskinchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullpunkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
pallaykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuyykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakusqaniku	None
saruy	None
allpawan	None
chiqnikuchun	None
yuraykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñañanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurniypura	Possession by 1.sg
phutiykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
achachinintin	Possession by 3.sg
asnayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
wach'ichun	None
tupayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awayku	None
hankanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
apanquraykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
tiyanaykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawata	None
mitmaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
illap	None
kututuykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khachunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
qisankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
urmayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
qallariyniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'arkilla	None
siqsiymanta	Possession by 1.sg
t'itukama	None
kutachunku	None
manku	None
t'itukunarayku	None
qallarispa	None
illapaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chinkayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
munani	None
raymikunamanta	None
pachapura	None
amach'iwkachichunkuchu	None
apaykun	None
wachay	None
ayqinkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
p'ampankupura	Possession by 3.pl
achiwaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinchiyayninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
lliphlliyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chiqap	None
hip'inki	None
tantaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phaqsaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
t'antaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phaqsakunapura	None
chakatasqa	None
ñust'akunannaq	None
hakuntin	None
phallcha	None
pallaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
takaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
qusiykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
antankanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phuyunkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
phuyunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
rakinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
phutinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
punaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
hark'ayninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
taytaykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'iminchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simanankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
chakinintin	Possession by 3.sg
Dyusnininka	Possession by 3.sg
yanaypura	None
allqunkupa	Possession by 3.pl
p'utinnaq	None
uyayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uyniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
amaawqanakuychu	None
ayqiyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
allquykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
yupiykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
mink'anchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suni	None
mallkiykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yurin	Possession by 3.sg
amaparaychikchu	None
rawrayniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
illapachawniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
t'ikaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
chawayniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupaychayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
ullantaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amachayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
pach'aykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rantiykunapaq	None
anschuykurqani	None
pisqu	None
rumikunata	None
quyllurchaw	None
ayrampuykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
wampuykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
ikmankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
qisankulla	Possession by 3.pl
muchuyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mikhuspa	None
tiyanakunata	None
kinaykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
ayqiykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
q'iwiyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
chakwaskunalla	None
kututunkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
uturunkunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
atipankunap	Possession by 3.sg
qhawayninnaq	None
raqachaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
maqayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amakutaychikchu	None
yañayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sisa	None
phiñasqanchik	None
mit'ankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
achiwaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
rutuyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
manqunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
takin	Possession by 3.sg
anchaykachasqanki	None
raphrankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
ayniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chaskiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wasipura	None
waqtayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsinmanta	Possession by 3.sg
qallankama	Possession by 3.sg
pukllayniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
yuranchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
kurakankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
llasayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
sukhanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huqariykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
pukarakunawan	None
khipukamayuqniykama	Possession by 1.sg
pachaman	None
Dyusniykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
watukuyniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
tamyakunawan	None
wamp'unkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
qaraykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simanaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awsayniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
ñust'ankurayku	Possession by 3.pl
achanqaray	None
pisquykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
irpachunku	None
churinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wiñanku	None
taskiykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
pampakunantin	None
takiyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
wathiyankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
asinqaku	None
manquykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mikhunku	None
phutiyniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
ñin	None
phurunchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
t'ikakunaman	None
turiykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mayllayniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
tupayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atilcharqankichik	None
inkillkunaman	None
ñaqch'anintin	Possession by 3.sg
llalliykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
samanman	Possession by 3.sg
musphaynkunka	Possession by 3.pl
punkunkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
q'apinkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
kutayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
phuyuykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychiykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mallkiykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
sutip	None
wañurqan	None
astakusqani	None
chiqnikuq	None
rikch'ayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
rantikuq	None
wawakunap	None
sayarisqa	None
humint'anqaku	None
q'apayniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kanayninkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
atawkunarayku	None
suyruykuna	Possession by 1.sg
kallpayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
kinwaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
ruraqkunapaq	None
chamqasqan	None
suk'ankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
millaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
allpaqankulla	Possession by 3.pl
rutuykama	Possession by 1.sg
phaqsaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
taripayninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
aysayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpaqanpi	Possession by 3.sg
liyiyku	None
wanakunchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipachawniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
ñawiykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mitikusunchik	None
pichayninku	Possession by 3.pl
allpanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
t'antankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
pampapi	None
paqtan	None
yanaynininka	Possession by 3.sg
ayllukunapi	None
qhawasunchik	None
ch'unkunchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
k'allampakama	None
watukuyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
munasqa	None
urmanpi	Possession by 3.sg
harawiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
ñiyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
paqtankichik	None
q'ipinchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukarankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
waqaynin	Possession by 3.sg
simp'anchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
karqanku	None
pisipaq	None
k'anchanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sat'iyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
huchaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
qullqinchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hanaqkama	None
wantuykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
awqaq	None
wachayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
ñañankuta	Possession by 3.pl
mink'aykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
suyarqani	None
allpachachun	None
unquq	None
qallunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
akllasqa	None
urmankunata	Possession by 3.sg
chakurqanki	None
wathiyaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tarpuyniykama	Possession by 1.sg
suyayninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
p'achankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
mitk'aykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
pachahina	None
qillqaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñawilliy	None
unquypaq	None
ispayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
llaqwaqniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
sayk'uyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
riqsinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
ullantayniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
illaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
chawpipi	None
q'imiykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
rit'iykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
ñust'aylla	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
llaqtankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
chuqiykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
tuqtukunantin	None
samayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
challwakunantin	None
q'uchun	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
wantuq	None
phuyuyniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupankiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñawillinqa	None
p'achaykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
uyayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
q'apayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
tikaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
umalla	None
chukunkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
sinchiyayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
watunkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
kawsayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakatachun	None
mayllayninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
kanki	None
p'unchawta	None
millankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
simipaq	None
qallariyniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
huchaykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kapuyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hik'ipakuchun	None
rawraq	None
puquyninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
machayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achalakusqankichik	None
pukllaynin	Possession by 3.sg
wach'inchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanusqanki	None
quyllurchawninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
simp'ankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
t'antankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
llikllankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
ichhuyniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pirqaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kanisqanchik	None
rak'iyniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
k'uychiykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
yurinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
rurunkunata	Possession by 3.sg
yañayninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wampunkunata	Possession by 3.sg
kallpayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
ayllupaq	None
intita	None
ñaqch'a	None
hark'ayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
suyarqanku	None
qallariyninka	None
kunkankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
taripayniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hik'ipakuyku	None
punku	None
willkachun	None
kina	None
thuñiykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mirayniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
qispiyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
llamk'anaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ruk'uhina	None
amañasqanku	None
kurakaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'anchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wach'iyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
wanakuykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
chanrarararqankichik	None
amawiñaychu	None
thitiykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
wamp'uyniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
ch'ipchisqani	None
hark'ankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
qaraykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chutanki	None
kawsarqan	None
llimphisqan	None
kayninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
muyuyniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hunt'ayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
atipaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mañana	None
q'ipinrayku	Possession by 3.sg
thupayku	None
p'achaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
umalliykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phallchanta	Possession by 3.sg
ñanniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
wayrachinanpa	Possession by 3.sg
Dyusninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
sukaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
simp'aykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
llaqwayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
mitk'anpura	Possession by 3.sg
yupanaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
atikarqan	None
ñiyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
kapuyniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
riqsinchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinchiyasqa	None
q'iwiyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
llalliykihina	Possession by 2.sg
ayrampuykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
nanayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
pikchunkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
tampunchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ustuyniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
llullakama	None
rikch'ayninlla	Possession by 3.sg
pantayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
quyllurchawniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
phinkiyniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
wawqi	None
ullantayninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
llamk'anaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
wamphunkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
wach'iychik	None
pach'aykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
kuraqkunapaq	None
chaskinkunap	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'anqa	None
aymuraspa	None
k'uychichawninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takiykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
wampunkuna	Possession by 3.sg
tarpuyninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tukuy	None
mamaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
kaq	None
ikma	None
quwinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisquykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
wampuykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
much'ayniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
pachanpi	Possession by 3.sg
yupinkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
mit'aykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
raymiykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
pirqankurayku	Possession by 3.pl
mirayniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wallpanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
wakikunapi	None
wakipi	None
ullpuykiman	Possession by 2.sg
paqariyninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
maqakusqanchik	None
khatanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
machayku	None
hankankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
qallanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutiykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
hawiyninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
p'akisqa	None
marq'anchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
llallinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chiqnikurqan	None
pisiyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
wamp'ukunantin	None
puquyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyninpa	Possession by 3.sg
qillqaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chaskiykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
chakiykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
pachaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
rantikuyniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallariyniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
thitinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
aysayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
qispichiq	None
aylluykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
q'apilla	None
ch'askachawniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
ñiyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
akullisaq	None
sumayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
larasqankichik	None
hink'irqani	None
urquwan	None
wañuyninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awananpa	Possession by 3.sg
uhuykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
sinq'ayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
uyan	Possession by 3.sg
mallinkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
asnarqan	None
ispapakuna	None
wach'iyninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
wanayninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
saqiy	None
tarinchik	None
runamanta	None
phallchanka	None
harawiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
watyankupi	Possession by 3.pl
kanka	None
taskiypa	Possession by 1.sg
phinkiyniykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
rutuykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
paqariykunawan	None
phuyuyniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuyninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
q'uchunman	Possession by 3.sg
llulla	None
wallpayninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
pichayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
wampu	None
q'apiykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
samanku	Possession by 3.pl
lliphlliykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
ñawirqanki	None
runapura	None
wanakuykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
marq'ayniy	Possession by 1.sg
wachayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
qun	None
ayrampuykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
uruyaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñust'aykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'arkikunarayku	None
illapachawniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
qispirqanki	None
anti	None
wachayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
yurinchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muchuyniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
wasip	None
taytaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
churi	None
ankaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
illapaypi	Possession by 1.sg
ch'aqwasaqku	None
k'allampaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
challwakuna	None
tuqtuykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
akllaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
wawqikunamanta	None
mirayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
rankhiykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
mama	None
añaynichisunchik	None
mitmankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
sallanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llamankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
khallkiykipa	Possession by 2.sg
q'apiykichik	Possession by 2.pl
apanquraykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
uruyaypi	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
saruyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
awsayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
rak'iykinka	Possession by 2.sg
uruyakunalla	None
watuykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
t'antaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
tiksikuna	None
yachachiqniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
antankaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
ullantanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qusinkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
wachayniykinka	Possession by 2.sg
ruphaynkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
rak'iyninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqapi	None
allpap	None
tampuykipa	Possession by 2.sg
pisquykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
sinq'ayninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
amallimphichunkuchu	None
marq'ayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qusiykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
watuyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aqhakunap	None
chankankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
khachusqankichik	None
yupiykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
unquyniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
llimphiq	None
raphrankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
kallpayninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
hunt'ayninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
alawchanqaku	None
yarpayniylla	Possession by 1.sg
yanayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mit'aykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puquyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
allqunchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
makiwan	None
ñiyninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
urpiykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
hankayninka	Possession by 1.sg
pukyunqa	None
tiksikunapura	None
pikchuykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
antankankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
phutiyniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
ayrampunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
yupanaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
yaykuna	None
tantankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
llaqwaqninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
wawanman	Possession by 3.sg
ñit'iyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinankuman	Possession by 3.pl
sayk'uyspa	None
q'uchuykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
kallpayninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskinkuta	Possession by 3.pl
amaqapariychu	None
pachanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'ankunalla	Possession by 3.sg
suyuwan	None
rimanki	None
hawiyhina	None
llakiyniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
tuqtuykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
sutinta	Possession by 3.sg
phinkiyniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
risqani	None
phaqsaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
chakinpaq	Possession by 3.sg
paniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwaqninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amamikhuchunchu	None
ñawinchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kunayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
llaqtankupura	Possession by 3.pl
lliphisunchik	None
q'awankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
Dyusniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
challwakunata	None
illaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqyaypa	Possession by 1.sg
amachay	None
tiyanankupa	Possession by 3.pl
sumayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kumusqani	None
pirqa	None
chichuyay	None
wanayninku	Possession by 3.pl
wachayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
anschurisaqku	None
ispankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
yupiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
suyuhina	None
kutasqanchik	None
qalluykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awankarqanki	None
pisiyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
karruykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
amach'ullchuychu	None
waqayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
ch'uspankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
watyaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
yaqullaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
chuqintin	None
t'antaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
ch'ipchinwan	Possession by 3.sg
rakikunata	None
awankaspa	None
akllankuta	Possession by 3.pl
wamp'unchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sisaykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pitunchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qatankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
achanqarayninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtamanta	None
raphraypi	Possession by 1.sg
millayninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yaqullaninka	Possession by 3.sg
kutiyniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sumaq	None
khipukamayuqninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
aylluykintin	Possession by 2.sg
qataykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tampunchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñiyniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
antankanpura	Possession by 3.sg
uyayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
pallasqani	None
llamk'anankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
ayrampuykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tarpuyninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayllukuna	None
tarpuq	None
simananchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unquyniy	Possession by 1.sg
q'iminkuna	Possession by 3.sg
chuqiykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
makinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
munarqan	None
rimarqanku	None
apuchay	None
qillqasqan	None
ch'akichikunqaku	None
chukunkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
qallariyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
chankankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
sayk'uyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
q'ipiykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
llamkanqa	None
takayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
wiksayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
ispa	None
amachayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'itisqa	None
intichawniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
tiyay	None
wampuykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ankaykiman	Possession by 2.sg
yupakuna	None
takayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
huch'uiyanchik	None
challankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
rikuchiyninku	Possession by 3.pl
ayqispa	None
muyuyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisquykuna	Possession by 1.sg
tipisqan	None
khatankunap	Possession by 3.sg
uyaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
uynin	None
qisankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
achisqa	None
phinkiyniyman	Possession by 1.sg
p'achankuman	Possession by 3.pl
wañunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
kañakunapura	None
pichayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
pachakunannaq	None
yaqullanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kayniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uyñunchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallayta	Possession by 1.sg
amañawilliychu	None
punkiy	None
malliylla	Possession by 1.sg
simiykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
pukaraspa	None
challpurqani	None
rantikuyniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
suruqch'inkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
ususin	Possession by 3.sg
puquyniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
yapayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
amaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
waqayninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
runakunapaq	None
allquykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
manqunchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awsaykunantin	None
chawayninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mamaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
asipayayniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuriyniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
suyruykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ñaqch'aykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
qawa	None
takiq	None
allinchani	None
mitmasqankichik	None
ispankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
rantiyninman	Possession by 3.sg
atipachawniypi	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kunkaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
antachanqa	None
mamanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'unchaw	None
sayaypura	None
llaqtaykita	Possession by 2.sg
umalliykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
yanapana	None
llaqtaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ñaqch'ayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanuykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aqhayasqankichik	None
samankunap	Possession by 3.sg
rampasunchik	None
kunka	None
paniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
kan	None
ch'uyananku	None
sinq'ayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
puchkaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millayninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yachakuqniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
intichawninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
rak'iyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
mallinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
chiriyachinki	None
ch'ipihyarqanki	None
chaninchaq	None
allichasqan	None
chimpachisqa	None
ayrampuykipa	Possession by 2.sg
aysayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amataripachunkuchu	None
raqachaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
takikuna	None
killachawninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipachikun	None
killakama	None
pukarachunku	None
illapankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
ninankuman	Possession by 3.pl
achiwa	None
phuyuyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
michiyku	None
yallisqaniku	None
pukaranchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mink'ayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
amakhipuchunkuchu	None
qawaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñust'aykipa	Possession by 2.sg
lluqsinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
huqarinchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wantukuna	None
bahanki	None
yaykurqan	None
asiyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
chukuykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
illapa	None
sutinkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
p'uchquyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
kusiyniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanasqanku	None
pichayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uchquyninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
chaskiykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
quyllurniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
suyusunchik	None
kaykuna	None
ruruykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
kinwawan	None
raphikuna	None
kusiyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
chikchi	None
tupunkuta	Possession by 3.pl
chawasqankichik	None
pantayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khallkiyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
quyllurniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
rutusaqku	None
t'aqaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
khachunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpapi	None
q'iminrayku	Possession by 3.sg
yupiykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
hawkasqanchik	None
much'anqaku	None
sunqup	None
q'iminkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
allpankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
thuñiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
simita	None
amaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rutunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
taytankuta	Possession by 3.pl
musphayyman	Possession by 1.sg
kamayuqkuna	None
ñit'iyniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
qallunchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañuyninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
wawakuna	None
quwiykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kachasqa	None
tupayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
khatanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
saruyninpi	Possession by 3.sg
kañaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
nisqa	None
ñañanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
siranqaku	None
huñuna	None
wawankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
k'uychichawninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yaqullankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
pallaynkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
armakunannaq	None
ñit'iyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
killachawniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hik'irqanki	None
ariykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kichaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
maq	None
llaqwachunku	None
saphiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
riqsisqan	None
yawarninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
chakiy	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniy	Possession by 1.sg
urmaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
layqaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
pukllaypi	None
p'uyñuykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kusiyniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
takankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
yachan	None
kunturniyki	Possession by 2.sg
chantayykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
pakayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wiqinkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
amakawsachunkuchu	None
yaqullanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
qillqay	Possession by 1.sg
ayqiyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
uruyaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsayninkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
phuru	None
unquna	None
muyup	None
illapanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paña	None
liwruykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
makinkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
k'uychichawninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
suyumanta	None
qallariyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
llasayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
q'apayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
grasyanpa	Possession by 3.sg
hark'ankunka	Possession by 3.pl
wawqinpa	Possession by 3.sg
qillqaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
intiykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
mitmaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
ch'ipchinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
tusuyniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
samaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asnayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
millaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
simikunapi	None
killaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
hinakunalla	None
watuyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
huñunakusqa	None
takayniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'achakunantin	None
wallpayniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
wanuykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
arinkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
urqukuna	None
qispichirqan	None
qhari	None
mallkiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
munan	None
sinchiyayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
ch'iwkachisunchik	None
tanqan	None
chahrakusunchik	None
yuyayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
uruyaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikraykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
millayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
uruyaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
rak'inchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisqunchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
musquyninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
uhuykipi	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiynintin	Possession by 1.sg
suruqch'iykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
saruyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
tantankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
qhapaqpa	None
ch'uspanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watyaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayqiyninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urqukunap	None
aymurani	None
hark'ayniy	Possession by 1.sg
chukunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
ñawinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
atiyniykita	Possession by 2.sg
waqyankunata	Possession by 3.sg
allwisaqku	None
tarpuyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
kurakaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
khipukamayuqniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
intiykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
tantaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
qallarisqan	None
ñawiywan	Possession by 1.sg
waqyaynintin	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
layqaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
taripana	None
chawpichankichik	None
quwiykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
tarpuy	None
ususiykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urmaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chuqinchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqtankukama	Possession by 3.pl
yupaychayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
khachuylla	Possession by 1.sg
kichakunanka	None
allpa	None
khallkiykiman	Possession by 2.sg
samayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
achispa	None
wich'qanchik	None
sinq'aykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takiykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
ayllunkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
qisanwan	Possession by 3.sg
mallkiy	Possession by 1.sg
tiksi	None
p'uyñuykipura	Possession by 2.sg
allqunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
wach'iykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awsayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
watuyninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
ñanniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hayratachirqankichik	None
manquyta	Possession by 1.sg
qapariyninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
pachaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
achichunku	None
ataw	None
mirayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
paqariyninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yapa	None
kapurqan	None
chiqarayku	None
runaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
aysayniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
pantayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
churiylla	Possession by 1.sg
riqsiyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
llamankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
chukullikurqanki	None
ullantaykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
unquymanta	None
pisqun	Possession by 3.sg
chinruykachinki	None
wallpanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
rantikuyniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
willkachasqa	None
yuyana	None
wach'iykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wasin	Possession by 3.sg
chinkaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
takiyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
yupankikunantin	None
kanayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
yupaychaywan	None
challwankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
qisaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
chaskirqan	None
suruqch'iykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
apakapun	None
lluqsinkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
sallanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phawayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispichiyniykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
sinq'aykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
ikmayarqaniku	None
t'ustuyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huqariyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
yachana	None
q'apayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
sayayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
chantayypi	Possession by 1.sg
Dyusniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
watukuna	None
llamaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
machayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'uchquyniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispiyniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
tusuyniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
wantuynintin	Possession by 1.sg
chaskinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñaqch'ankurayku	Possession by 3.pl
qisankupura	Possession by 3.pl
ch'ipchinchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmaykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paqarninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
qataykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
unquyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
suyruykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
patachanta	Possession by 3.sg
paniywan	Possession by 1.sg
ispasqan	None
ruraqniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yarpankichik	None
ayqinkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
manqukama	None
hawinchik	None
willkasqanku	None
ninaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
samayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
lliphlliyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
takanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanuni	None
q'awaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asiyniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
piturqanku	None
tupuyniykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awsaspa	None
chamqan	None
maki	None
anqilninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
musquyniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
waskakunapi	None
putinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
saphinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
lluqsiykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
llaqwayniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawqiykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
pallasqa	None
chawayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watyakunata	None
waqtanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awkimanta	None
unquyniykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
ususiy	Possession by 1.sg
umalliykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
allayninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
marq'aykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yañayninkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
kayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
arinchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quwinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
mitk'aykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
watuyniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
qusiykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
saphinninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
wach'iyninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
puquyniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
chukunchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmayninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
quyllurchawninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paqtayniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
ch'uspanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwawan	None
puquq	None
marq'anchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
samaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
amachayniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapaspa	None
simiykama	Possession by 1.sg
phiñana	None
amawillkachaychikchu	None
qispiyniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
wañuyninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
wawqinchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'unkunman	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taripaq	None
qullqinchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qallarisqa	None
awkikunamanta	None
wamp'uchun	None
asipayayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'ipchiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
akllaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puquyniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñanpi	None
marq'aykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
t'ikraykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
qillqan	Possession by 3.sg
thitinkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
sinq'ayki	Possession by 2.sg
yarqayniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
millanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
mayllayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thuñiypi	Possession by 1.sg
watuyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amallamp'uychikchu	None
yawarniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
wanturqankichik	None
uhuyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
qillqanaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qusqa	None
hephq'anqa	None
rutunkukama	Possession by 3.pl
qisaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
llaqwayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
hak'uwan	None
watu	None
pichayniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
ripuwlikakunalla	None
paqtayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
yupaychanku	None
wawqiykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
awsayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
nanaywan	None
qararqaniku	None
atillchaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
humint'ankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
lliphlliyniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
arinkuta	Possession by 3.pl
pallanqaku	None
ruphaynkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
yuriyninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
aymurayninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
mamaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
khachuykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
yupinchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kamayuqkunapaq	None
musquyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phuruykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taripayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
paqarniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
runata	None
hanka	None
rantikuyniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
chuhchannanqa	None
awanaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
suyakun	None
riqsiyninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
wamphunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwan	Possession by 3.sg
watuntin	None
wach'inkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikanwan	Possession by 3.sg
urmayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuraykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
allparayku	None
kinanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
k'allampanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
humint'aykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
kañankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
suruqch'inmanta	Possession by 3.sg
away	None
yupaycharqanku	None
uhunqaku	None
awqanakuy	None
samana	None
ch'unqay	None
patachaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hank'asqanchik	None
rankhiykama	Possession by 1.sg
wanakuyhina	Possession by 1.sg
antankaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
waqtaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
tamyankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
usachisaq	None
awsayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayniyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
k'anchaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pirwaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
kayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ismachunku	None
tiyananchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
umallinpi	Possession by 3.sg
ichiq	None
ikmanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awsayniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
tarisqa	None
punaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
ruphaynkupa	Possession by 3.pl
riyku	None
waylluykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
paqarniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
phutiyninman	Possession by 3.sg
unquyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachayninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mayllayninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
apanqura	None
much'apura	None
challwanka	None
amahuq'uchachunchu	None
taytaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
arinchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
kapuyninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tariparqankichik	None
rutunchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rakikuna	None
wallpayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ankankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
raymiykita	Possession by 2.sg
pachanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'imiyniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
anqilniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
kaypi	None
watuykiman	Possession by 2.sg
atiyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
utqayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
saksani	None
samanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
pallay	Possession by 1.sg
llamkhan	None
much'akuna	None
sutiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
haywasqanku	None
ayqirqan	None
thuñiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikraywan	Possession by 1.sg
q'ipiykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
atiyniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
rikuriyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
huqarinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
turiykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
paranchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tipiykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
phaqsaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
sisamanta	None
q'imiyninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
taskiykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
puchkayninka	Possession by 1.sg
qisaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
phawayninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takiyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uyaman	None
khallkiyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
rimay	None
tiyananpaq	Possession by 3.sg
q'awankulla	Possession by 3.pl
takiyniykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
achin	None
uyanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
panilla	None
illapachawninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ripuwlikaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hayt'aykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
rumisqan	None
phawasqanchik	None
inkillniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
yapayninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runa	None
intiykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupaychayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
marq'asunchik	None
llaqwayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
aysayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
wathiyaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
kañinki	None
taskiykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
machayniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
sinchita	None
t'impuyniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
chancharqanki	None
pikchunchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qarayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
tikaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
wampuykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
aysayninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'uychinkunap	Possession by 3.sg
achanqarayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
wayrachinaynintin	Possession by 1.sg
hankaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
ishkina	None
munaq	None
grasyaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
achiwanku	Possession by 3.pl
wanuykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
arqhipasaqku	None
intikuna	None
k'uychinchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
imata	None
taripay	None
t'ikayki	Possession by 2.sg
wiqiykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
rutuykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
ninantin	None
rurukunata	None
apanquraypi	Possession by 1.sg
yupankikunata	None
wamp'unkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
muyuna	None
yawarninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
samakunata	None
yuraykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
samayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
simanaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
sinchiyayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
upallakunarayku	None
waqtankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
hark'aykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñust'aykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
sutiykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
kututun	Possession by 3.sg
punkunchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'ayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
saksayniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
yachachinku	None
arinsay	None
wawanku	Possession by 3.pl
t'ustuyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chankay	Possession by 1.sg
watukuyninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tantachunku	None
chuqinkunap	Possession by 3.sg
armaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
antikunap	None
anschurisqaniku	None
puqupura	None
wanunchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
killaninka	Possession by 3.sg
wanunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qispichiyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
amaanchayachunkuchu	None
unquypi	None
killachawninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huch'uiyachirqanki	None
kichanman	Possession by 3.sg
ullantayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
wiñaq	None
pallasqan	None
sukhakama	None
manqunhina	Possession by 3.sg
phinkiyniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
rikuchiyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
chanqaykunku	None
watuykipi	Possession by 2.sg
q'aparqan	None
maqanakuchun	None
sinchikunapaq	None
watuykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
quwinkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
amaapichachunkuchu	None
k'uychiykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
wanunkulla	Possession by 3.pl
amachiraraychikchu	None
wach'iykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
armankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
k'umurqanchik	None
phuruykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
phutinkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
ch'aqwaq	None
mirana	None
t'impuyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
huñusunchik	None
asnayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
aymurayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
amaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
musquyninku	Possession by 3.pl
sumayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
illapachawniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
uhukunarayku	None
mayllayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
illapankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
k'uychiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phutiyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
chinkankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
sumaymanta	None
yuriykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
illapankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
wamphuykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tuqtunkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
mayllaypi	None
paninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
umata	None
akllasqan	None
hunt'aypura	None
t'ikrankichik	None
qaraykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
chumpisqaniku	None
challaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
llikllanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'ankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
ispaypi	Possession by 1.sg
ch'ullchuychik	None
samanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qatan	Possession by 3.sg
yupananchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
armaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
allquchaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
masi	None
pirwaypi	Possession by 1.sg
sipisaqku	None
paniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
sisaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
illapachawniyman	Possession by 1.sg
kutayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
yurisqa	None
quriykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
utqayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
rak'inkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ch'illuchanchik	None
wañunnaq	None
q'awayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
atipachawniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
sayariyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
qawankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
kallpayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
p'ampaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
wiñan	None
uyayninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
qhinchachasaqku	None
ruruykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
utqasqa	None
hark'ayniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wichayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
ñañaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
munayniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ayqiykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyanchik	None
ñaqch'anchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wayrachinanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pakaykunarayku	None
allayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
llaqwayniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ninankurayku	Possession by 3.pl
yaqullankuman	Possession by 3.pl
qatispa	None
quriykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
khuyanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awanata	None
wichay	None
saksayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
q'iminpaq	Possession by 3.sg
maqayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
hark'aymanta	Possession by 1.sg
chinkay	Possession by 1.sg
simanaywan	Possession by 1.sg
q'iwiyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
marq'ankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
puchkaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
ismusqan	None
khipukamayuqninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupaychayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
q'apinpura	Possession by 3.sg
yuriyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
churiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
chantasunchik	None
yanuq	None
parlayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispirqaniku	None
pisiyniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
haywayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
ayniyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
urmaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
qillqaqhawapaq	None
musquyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
huchankunka	Possession by 3.pl
wallpayniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiyninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
yapayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
aysayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hurqunku	None
illapachawninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamp'uyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
saphinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
manqunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chahchanqaku	None
pach'aninka	Possession by 3.sg
ullpunkunata	Possession by 3.sg
maqasqanchik	None
lluqsiypaq	Possession by 1.sg
wawqikunarayku	None
wach'inkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
atipanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ankankupi	Possession by 3.pl
sipirqanku	None
kañankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
q'apinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
rutuyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yañayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
pisiyniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
achanqarayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychichawninkama	Possession by 3.sg
ñispa	None
watukuyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqanayki	Possession by 2.sg
ullantayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wachayninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
chinkasqanchik	None
ankakunamanta	None
mink'amanta	None
churiykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitk'ankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
ankanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hamuq	None
achiwayman	Possession by 1.sg
urmaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
millayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chantayykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
q'apayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
huq'uchasaqku	None
waqyaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hunt'ayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uhunwan	Possession by 3.sg
yachayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
qarap	None
wawqiykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
ruranchik	None
paqtayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
killachawniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
rankhiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
wasiman	None
amachaskiykuychikchu	None
wawqiykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
ñañanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
watukuyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
qapariyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mit'aykipura	Possession by 2.sg
asiykunapi	None
putinkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
turinchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qapariyninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
ayniyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
phuyukunamanta	None
aylluykunap	Possession by 1.sg
aysayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayniyniypa	Possession by 1.sg
wachayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruraqkuna	None
ullpunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
kullay	None
ispayninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruraspa	None
qaraykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
qhawaspa	None
mayllayniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
liwrunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamphunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
chuntankukama	Possession by 3.pl
chaskispa	None
turinku	Possession by 3.pl
waskasqanki	None
simp'aykunap	Possession by 1.sg
llalliykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
intimanta	None
allquypaq	Possession by 1.sg
challwa	None
thatkinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
khallkiyninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
apuchani	None
ñiyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
hark'ayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
phawayta	None
chaskinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
qullqiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ñiyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yachayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
mallkinchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chankap	None
tipiyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
allquchaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
aqhanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitiymanta	Possession by 1.sg
rawrayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
hayratachispa	None
ñañankukama	Possession by 3.pl
much'aykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
marq'aykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pallayykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
nanayninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chayanpusqan	None
apichaq	None
khatankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
quyllurchawniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'achayman	Possession by 1.sg
sayan	None
quyllurpaq	None
rimana	None
apanquranchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tupuyniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
lluqsirqan	None
paqtasqan	None
khuyanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuyakama	None
pukarayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
tusunku	None
yurankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
amawillkaychikchu	None
ch'umay	None
sapalla	None
llaqtapaq	None
phinkiyniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
huqarinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
intichawwan	None
pisquykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
rit'iykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
saksayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apiywan	Possession by 1.sg
q'imipura	None
arinsarqankichik	None
p'uyñuykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
intinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
runanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñaña	None
khallkinkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
maqayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
ñanniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rantikuyninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
llaqtawan	None
nini	None
phawayniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
suyakurqanki	None
anka	None
chuhchuy	None
killachawniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
chawayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kamayuq	None
haywayninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ispanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
wallpankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
rakiykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
suyuta	None
chichuyarqanki	None
kichasqaniku	None
harawinchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qatanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qichurqanchik	None
ch'umasqankichik	None
mallirayku	None
llaqtaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kichankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ñawiykama	Possession by 1.sg
upa	None
ñawinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
marq'aykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
ninayayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
ñiyniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
runankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
wichayniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uchquyniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
atipachawniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
ayqikunanka	None
t'urpusaqku	None
qispichiyta	None
chirarasunchik	None
tiqsisqani	None
amachayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
kanku	None
rikch'ayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qawaykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñit'iyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
siqsinkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
hunk'akunakama	None
waqyaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
qichurqanku	None
t'aqayman	Possession by 1.sg
pisilla	None
ichhuyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
raqachawan	None
kicharqankichik	None
pach'ankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
muyanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
killanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayqiyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chiriychik	None
marq'ayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
aqucharqanki	None
hallp'isqanku	None
tiyanaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
ch'uspankunka	Possession by 3.pl
