riqsiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aqhaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
mitmayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
yañankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
ischuchanqaku	None
chankaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
rikch'ana	None
ayrampukunaman	None
chinkaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
muyuyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqanaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
chanqasqanchik	None
llikllanhina	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
aysayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
mitmapura	None
munay	None
waway	Possession by 1.sg
qalluykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
muyuyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
karrunchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
Dyusniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
simi	None
wañuyninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
maqanakusqaniku	None
parlayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
sayk'uyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
kututulla	None
allayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
p'uyñuykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muyaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
urmaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millp'unchik	None
qispiyninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
killachawniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
tipiykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
yupanaman	None
qispiykunannaq	None
wach'iyninka	Possession by 1.sg
chantayy	Possession by 1.sg
p'unchawniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
llaqwaqniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
illapakunantin	None
allayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
amaachalachichunkuchu	None
rikurin	None
suk'anchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paqarirqan	None
qhichwa	None
kusiman	None
t'impuyninkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
llaqtankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
phawayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hawiyninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
anschiykachasqanku	None
waqyaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
hunt'ayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
runakunaman	None
ayrampuykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaraykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
ayllunchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruphaynchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atiyninta	Possession by 3.sg
samayninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
qillqaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
saruyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
tuqtuykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayniyninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
nanayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
taytay	Possession by 1.sg
chaskinchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quwinnaq	None
pirqanpa	Possession by 3.sg
rumikunahina	None
amach'uyayachiychikchu	None
hant'arqasqani	None
pirwayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
yachaykunamanta	None
hark'aykilla	Possession by 2.sg
yapayninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
killankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
raphrayki	Possession by 2.sg
uyarirqani	None
hunk'ankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
wañuyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
amaicharachunkuchu	None
sunqunkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
ch'aqlarqanchik	None
ruraqninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wantuykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
qaqa	None
ankakunalla	None
ñawiriy	None
phuyuyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
qarasqa	None
p'uchquyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
haywayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
alqarqanchik	None
ruraqniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
t'ikasqaniku	None
chawayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
upyana	None
qararqan	None
t'aqaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
rutuykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
hatunchasqanku	None
utqayninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
illankama	Possession by 3.sg
yanayniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
qalluwan	None
qallayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sayayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
saphikuna	None
chiqantin	None
musquyninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
qataykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'asunchik	None
mit'aykihina	Possession by 2.sg
kuchunqaku	None
samaynininka	Possession by 3.sg
waqyayman	Possession by 1.sg
allinyachisaqku	None
kaywan	None
paqtayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'ayninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kukanintin	Possession by 3.sg
ninayayniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
achachiykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ullpuykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
illapachawninlla	Possession by 3.sg
humint'aykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'imiyniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawaykita	Possession by 2.sg
q'uchuykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisiyniypi	Possession by 1.sg
quwi	None
yañanpi	Possession by 3.sg
kapuyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
amach'ataychu	None
kutayniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
amaayniychikchu	None
musquyninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
much'ayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayniyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
yarpayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
mit'ayman	Possession by 1.sg
chawayninta	Possession by 3.sg
tikakunata	None
malliykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
manquykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
tiyanan	Possession by 3.sg
anqilninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sayk'uyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ismuychik	None
unquyta	None
ruray	None
rakiman	None
kutayninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ukhuman	None
phaqsankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
ninayayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
tamyaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
suyayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
khallkinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'uchuykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
hut'kusqa	None
ninaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñiychik	None
ikmankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
much'ankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
pusaq	None
phaqsaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
wamp'uyniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
ayninta	Possession by 3.sg
amaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
khallkiyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
ruraqniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
sumayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruruykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
rutuykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
khipukamayuqniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
quspa	None
q'ipiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qara	None
liwrun	Possession by 3.sg
ruphayykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
thuñisqan	None
pikchunkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
aychaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
rirpuykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'uspankupi	Possession by 3.pl
amachakatachunkuchu	None
raphranchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
suyaq	None
rankhinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phallchanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañuyninhina	Possession by 3.sg
chuhchannani	None
watanki	None
allqu	None
ayninpi	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
hamanq'ayykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llasaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
qatiq	None
llaqtan	Possession by 3.sg
huch'uiyachinqa	None
pisiyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
killachawkunapura	None
waqtaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aparqan	None
purisqan	None
rikuchiyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qusinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
pach'ayninka	Possession by 1.sg
mitmaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
ichhunanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuntaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
tampu	None
iskaychasqaniku	None
pachapaq	None
harawinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simp'aykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
llallinkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
waqayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallawan	None
llimphichun	None
aqhanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñanniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
malliykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
tamyaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
qataykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achiwaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
runap	None
simanaypura	Possession by 1.sg
mitmayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aymurayniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
armanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urpiykita	Possession by 2.sg
ayqiyninkama	Possession by 3.sg
rikch'ayniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
kunaykunata	None
khipukamayuqninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
urmayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukarapi	None
q'ipiykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuni	None
suk'anpura	Possession by 3.sg
hawiyniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
wamp'unchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuriyniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
sirachunku	None
llasayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
qillqa	None
suyupaq	None
raphiman	None
atipachawniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
yañaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
sayayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
yawarniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aynikunannaq	None
wañuyniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
yachachiq	None
q'apayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kurakankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
q'imiyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
sayayninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqyanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukarankupi	Possession by 3.pl
hina	None
watukuyniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
hurqunchik	None
ninayayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
intikunanka	None
qhichwapi	None
yañayninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
kapuyninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hak'uchan	None
ullantay	Possession by 1.sg
muchuyniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
anku	None
puchkayninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
nanayniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yarpaykunamanta	None
qawarayku	None
purispa	None
chumpiykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
qurinchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñawinchay	None
phinkisqanchik	None
chinkaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
qawanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punkuyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
makiyman	Possession by 1.sg
watyaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
marq'awan	None
hamanq'ayykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
p'uyñuykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqaq	None
tampunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
tampuykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
nanayrayku	None
rak'iyniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
wathiyankukama	Possession by 3.pl
ninku	None
simp'aykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
parlayninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
kapuyniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
lliphlliykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
rankhiykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
ayqiyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ikmanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amañasqani	None
khuyaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
lliphlliyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
hamanq'ay	None
wathiyasqaniku	None
ñiyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
tupunkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
t'impuyninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amachayniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
watuykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsaypi	None
taytanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuyayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
amahalaychu	None
iñiy	None
wach'iyniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yunkannaq	None
awaspa	None
qullqinchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
ninayayninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
pukaranchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hamanq'ayykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqananlla	Possession by 3.sg
qullpa	None
wiqinchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
manqunchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mallinkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
waylluykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punkuykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
huñirqani	None
millayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chanchan	None
khuyaq	None
qullqip	None
amarantiychikchu	None
pisipay	None
wawanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uyniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chumpiykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
mink'ayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
humint'ayman	Possession by 1.sg
intichawninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simikunamanta	None
p'achaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
waqtaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ñaqch'aykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaqwaqniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
malliykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
saksayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
lliphllinkunap	Possession by 3.sg
ninayayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phuyuyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
qallariyninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
atinchik	None
sinchiyayninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wallpayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
challwaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khipukamayuqniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
grasyanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urmaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
rutuypaq	Possession by 1.sg
llakiyniylla	Possession by 1.sg
khatanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
hark'ayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
kutayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
qallupi	None
kutayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
ariy	Possession by 1.sg
mink'ayninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
saksachun	None
tukuchin	None
kurakaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
mirayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
phutiykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
takiyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
yuraykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ullantayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
phutiyniylla	Possession by 1.sg
rikuna	None
usaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
qispiyniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
hankanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmayninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
paqariyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
k'ancharqan	None
simiwan	None
sinchiyayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
rakiyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
alqasqaniku	None
achinchik	None
qillqaqhawayku	None
sunqunkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
sutinpi	Possession by 3.sg
sat'iyninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
hark'anta	Possession by 3.sg
khachunkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
q'imihina	None
pisqunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
pantayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuntanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
qallarinkichik	None
much'ankuna	Possession by 3.sg
raphip	None
kayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
qatin	None
ch'unkuykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
ch'aska	None
qillqanaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
sinq'aykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
khallkiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asut'iq	None
riqsiyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'aykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
kapuyninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
machayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
q'imikunarayku	None
challwanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyrunchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamrakuna	None
takinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sukhaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chawayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
pikchunchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qarayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
amachayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
nananchik	None
rakiy	Possession by 1.sg
marq'aykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
wañuy	Possession by 1.sg
wawankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
phuruykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
phuyuntin	None
ikmaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
khallkiykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
añikusunchik	None
uywap	None
amapawaychu	None
rakinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'uchuy	Possession by 1.sg
yarpayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
awsayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
pallanlla	Possession by 3.sg
suyayniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
ñaqch'anchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llamapaq	None
aysayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
allinyachiq	None
kunayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
yapaq	None
saphipaq	None
q'uchuykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parawan	None
atipanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuqin	Possession by 3.sg
llamakunapi	None
rimachirqanku	None
suyukunawan	None
apanquraykiman	Possession by 2.sg
pallayykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
wantunqa	None
nanayku	None
hankaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
amat'ituchunchu	None
ayniyniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
thitinrayku	Possession by 3.sg
asipayayniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawayninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
challaykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuyniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
atirqanki	None
k'anchaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
sisankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
t'ustuyniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
takayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
hayt'aykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
ninayayninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
achiwankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
quyllurniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
ch'aphchachunku	None
intiykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'iqmichisqaniku	None
kawsanku	None
urani	None
chantayntin	None
q'uchuykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
iskayyarqani	None
pallankulla	Possession by 3.pl
anqilninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
awsayninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwanta	Possession by 3.sg
rimaq	None
qaparinki	None
asipayaykunaman	None
simanakunaman	None
llamp'uyku	None
urpiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
chullusqa	None
nirqani	None
paqariyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rumipi	None
ch'ipchinchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qawaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuyninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
qusiykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
kuyusunchik	None
lluqsiykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
umalliykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
churasqa	None
k'allampaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
yarqayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khataykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
awsayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
q'iwini	None
t'antanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
huqariykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
muyaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
intichawniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
amayhina	Possession by 1.sg
yaqullanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupankinkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ñanninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinchiman	None
ariykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
pach'aynintin	Possession by 1.sg
allichasqanchik	None
kañaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
q'iwiyninhina	Possession by 3.sg
marq'aykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
hayt'aykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
kaymanta	None
kinaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
llaqwayniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuraykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
pikchunka	None
musphaynchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqanankunata	Possession by 3.sg
haywayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sutipaq	None
wawaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
yawarniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwaqninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
wichayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
layqanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
riqsinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wichayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khallkiyniypura	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
taytaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
wanakuykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
manqu	None
kunayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
runan	Possession by 3.sg
chimpan	None
wach'iyninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mamanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
illaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
kuchuspa	None
qillqanaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
wawqiykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
yupaychayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
yachakuyku	None
k'uychiypura	Possession by 1.sg
pachaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
sisanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mallkinchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qawaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rakinkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
kurakaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
lliphllinpaq	Possession by 3.sg
tarpuynin	Possession by 3.sg
chawaykunapaq	None
musphaynkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
intichaw	None
hapasqa	None
tarpuyniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
pachanta	Possession by 3.sg
ch'ipchiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
turiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urmaykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitmanpa	Possession by 3.sg
sayayniykama	Possession by 1.sg
awqakunata	None
ñañay	Possession by 1.sg
kanayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
yacharqan	None
watyaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mallinchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hap'inqaku	None
suyupi	None
thuñiykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
ispayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
musphay	None
llaqwaqniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
llikllaykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
mitmanku	Possession by 3.pl
qispiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaawaychu	None
grasyankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
aymurayninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
tiksikunarayku	None
rit'iykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chawayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
t'aqanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutiyninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
yupankip	None
sansa	None
tusuyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
chantayykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
yaqullanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rantiyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
charirqanku	None
quyantin	None
chumpiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ninayayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
humint'aykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sat'isaq	None
manqunpa	Possession by 3.sg
harawinchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rutunkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
khallkiyniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ruphaynrayku	Possession by 3.sg
ñanpa	None
wach'iykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
q'ipinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
kunkankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
ñanniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
wachayniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
awsayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
ñiyniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
unquyninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'uchquyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ispanchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'anchayniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
watunchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñit'iyninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
hinasqanki	None
paqarisqan	None
chawayniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'achanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
pisquykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
t'impuyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
amankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
wach'iyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
wañuyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
khachuninka	Possession by 3.sg
tiqsinku	None
kañankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
llikllaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
chaskinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
supay	None
rit'in	Possession by 3.sg
kayniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
kututuyta	Possession by 1.sg
uyayniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
hurquspa	None
yuyayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yurikunapura	None
kawsayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
qhichwaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitmaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
pirqana	None
pikchunkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
q'iminchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
maqayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qallariyniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
wantunqaku	None
asiyniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
ch'uspayta	Possession by 1.sg
ispayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
qarayniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
uruyanman	Possession by 3.sg
ñañaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
qatanpa	Possession by 3.sg
qaramanta	None
sinq'ayninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sat'iyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asin	None
sinchiyayninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chumpikunaman	None
muchuyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
tupunchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhapaq	None
musqunchik	None
phuyuykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
ayllunakusqankichik	None
khataykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
p'uchquyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
huq'uchasaq	None
saruyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
wamrakunap	None
achanqarayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
layqaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
phaqsakunalla	None
amach'iqmichichunkuchu	None
simimanta	None
ruk'uman	None
chahrakunqaku	None
kukaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
waqachiq	None
ch'askachawniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
tukurqan	None
t'antayki	Possession by 2.sg
tupuykilla	Possession by 2.sg
sinq'ayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
musquyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
apan	None
harawiykihina	Possession by 2.sg
qarayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
qallaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
qalluykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
haywayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
llakiyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wamp'unchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yanan	None
hik'isaq	None
llallinchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qisaninka	Possession by 3.sg
chikchikuna	None
sinq'ayniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
amaallquchaychikchu	None
sumanchik	None
suysusqanchik	None
ayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
kuchuq	None
thasnuy	None
paqarninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
chikchikunata	None
hatuncharqankichik	None
waqayninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukllayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
tiksisqan	None
manchay	None
takiyniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
sallannaq	None
muyuyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
makinwan	Possession by 3.sg
chiqnikuni	None
waqyaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
manquykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
paskanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thatkilla	None
atipankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
yuriyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punkuykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chaskiykintin	Possession by 2.sg
killachawnin	Possession by 3.sg
huchaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
paqarin	None
chuntaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
rantikuyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
khallkiypaq	Possession by 1.sg
kañaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
allasqanchik	None
manquta	None
layqapi	None
lluqsiykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
huchayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tukuq	None
ruraqkama	None
millankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
wachayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychinkama	Possession by 3.sg
qurinchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chakiykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suysurqanchik	None
chiriyachirqanku	None
q'imiyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
waylluykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
huhyasqani	None
ch'iqmichirqankichik	None
asinchik	None
ullantayniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
hurqurqaniku	None
aylluykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
tusuyniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
chinruykachichunku	None
allayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
ullpuykikama	Possession by 2.sg
sayk'uyniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
wamphuykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallunkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
hinakunapaq	None
sukankunata	Possession by 3.sg
siqsinkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
waqtanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yañanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskinkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
millarqanchik	None
kunayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
hamanq'aynkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
pachakunapi	None
yupiykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
qisaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispiyninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qisankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
hamanq'aynkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
asuykurqaniku	None
qalluykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
wanakuywan	Possession by 1.sg
ruranku	None
qisanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuqiykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kuskalla	None
ch'arkisaq	None
kusiyniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
puchkayniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
t'ikanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
mallkinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruphayykikama	Possession by 2.sg
qawanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
alqaman	None
maqayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ullantaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
sayariyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
qillqanaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
apanquraykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
qawanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayqiyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yanayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
kacharqan	None
mikhunakunakama	None
k'allampaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
musphayykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achanqarayninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
wañunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
runaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
maqayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
hark'ayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
ususinkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
q'apayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
yachaymanta	None
kinwaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
yachachiqniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
mitk'ankuna	Possession by 3.sg
tiksinnaq	None
rak'imanta	None
qayay	None
huchaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pituykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
Dyusninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
usa	None
churay	None
kapuy	None
kallpakunamanta	None
llikllankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
llaqwaqrayku	None
khipukamayuqniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
samayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
q'apiykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
waqyanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ninaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
kutichiy	None
kunayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
llakiyniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
amanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñust'aykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
maywasaqku	None
ruruykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
rurunkulla	Possession by 3.pl
simananninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
simananpa	Possession by 3.sg
ayqinkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
putiykipi	Possession by 2.sg
p'uchquyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uruyaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
rit'iykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
awsachun	None
qawapaq	None
akllaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
achhiyninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anqilniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
khuyaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awaq	None
humint'anpa	Possession by 3.sg
wasiyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paniypura	Possession by 1.sg
manquykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
irpasunchik	None
sayarqaniku	None
kunkaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ariykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
lliphlliyniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illayta	Possession by 1.sg
wach'iyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
illapachaw	None
hunt'apusqa	None
rayminka	None
runaman	None
puchkayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
yuriyninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
llakiwan	None
allpaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
ch'uyayachirqani	None
ikmaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
llik'irqan	None
musphayykichik	Possession by 2.pl
ayqinkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
taytaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
munanku	None
ch'uhllasqankichik	None
quyllurchawninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sumayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ullpunkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
puchkaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
wayllunkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
atipaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
maqayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
millayninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
sayaykunaman	None
khallkinchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wach'iyninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
usachisqanku	None
kutayniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
umalliykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
allinyachirqanchik	None
mayllayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
huqarinkuman	Possession by 3.pl
quyllurchawniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achalakusqanki	None
kututuykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
ch'arkinnaq	None
hayllinkichik	None
khuyaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
wiqinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tiyanaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
aychaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ukhu	None
ninayayninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskin	Possession by 3.sg
kanchankichik	None
qispichiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinwankuna	Possession by 3.sg
liwruykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukllarqaniku	None
wallpaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
allpamanta	None
rumimanta	None
mitmayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rin	None
k'uychiypi	Possession by 1.sg
kuraka	None
amasayk'uychunkuchu	None
allpapura	None
ch'uspankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
yawnaspa	None
q'apiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llasaychik	None
wawaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
yapayniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuykinka	Possession by 2.sg
watuyniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
ichhunankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
saksakama	None
qispichiyninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
ripuwlikankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
liwruhina	None
rantikuyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
aylluchakusqanki	None
sinchiyayninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watuykama	Possession by 1.sg
saksayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
akllaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
rantiyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
kinayhina	Possession by 1.sg
chullunku	None
thantap	None
achkachan	None
yuyayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
rirqan	None
q'iminta	Possession by 3.sg
millayninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challwaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
atipachawniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
rantiyninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
umalli	None
t'ikay	Possession by 1.sg
riqsiyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañuymanta	Possession by 1.sg
samayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
kanchasunchik	None
ankallikunku	None
uyankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
llaqtanintin	Possession by 3.sg
putiykintin	Possession by 2.sg
q'apiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
tikanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wayllusunchik	None
uyariy	None
illapamanta	None
pakasqa	None
k'uychichawniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wamp'unmanta	Possession by 3.sg
allqunkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
simipi	None
umallipaq	None
sinq'aykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kunturniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kayku	None
allayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hawiyniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitmayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
q'uchuykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
ñawihina	None
raqachaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
qarasqanki	None
rispa	None
wach'inkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
rikuchisqa	None
ch'illuchanku	None
ch'ipchinchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qisaykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñawinchana	None
takayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
sallankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
ch'akichikunku	None
p'unchawniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chiqaqchasunchik	None
paqariy	None
ñiyniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
awsayniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chumpiykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
puchkankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
rak'iyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
taskinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
mallarqanki	None
kutayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
much'ankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
tarpuyninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
killachawniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
atillchanlla	Possession by 3.sg
yachayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
musqusunchik	None
wayrachinantin	None
mitk'aykinka	Possession by 2.sg
machayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
simiykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
puchkaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
antankaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
qallaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simananchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
machu	None
ispayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
pichayninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'aspasqa	None
tukuspa	None
wantunchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
upakunakama	None
hark'ayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
urqup	None
rumi	None
paqarispa	None
amachasqanki	None
uhuynintin	Possession by 1.sg
rankhiypaq	Possession by 1.sg
ninayayniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
paqtasaq	None
yapun	None
sutiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
lliphllinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
ninaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
ripuwlikarayku	None
allquchankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
yaykuy	None
llasayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
yanayniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
chinpiychik	None
tupurqaniku	None
chuqiykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
yayakunamanta	None
phuyuykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
malliykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
qalluykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sarurqankichik	None
chiqnikurqankichik	None
ñawiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
llikllamanta	None
ch'askachawninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
tikaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ñit'iyniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
khachunkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
phuyuyninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
arinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
supichunku	None
suq'usqanki	None
rak'iykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
watuyniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qatankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
llimphiy	None
yachachiqninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
siqsikunalla	None
rak'isqani	None
p'achaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
taytanpa	Possession by 3.sg
sat'iyninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phawayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
qapariyniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
wik'uñarayku	None
machayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
chala	None
atipanakuchunku	None
phawayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
takiyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
wantuyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qaraykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
pallayyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qullqinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
ruran	None
karruykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
tupayniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
irqiyay	None
q'uchuykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanakuylla	Possession by 1.sg
anschurichiychik	None
sunquman	None
aysayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
rantikurqanchik	None
kurakaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phawan	None
punanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pusarqan	None
awkikunaman	None
chaskiykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ususinman	Possession by 3.sg
nina	None
kuti	None
k'anchaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yanayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
ususinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
achikyasqanchik	None
asiyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
sapanka	None
hunk'aykintin	Possession by 2.sg
hark'ankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
hanaqpi	None
pichayniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
killayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
tutata	None
simp'aykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kututuykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
rakinpi	Possession by 3.sg
llamaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
wayrachinaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
puquyniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
qisanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rutuyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
maqaypa	None
urpiykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
pitu	None
qispiyniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukllayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wayllunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wasinman	Possession by 3.sg
chantaynkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
killayhina	Possession by 1.sg
tayta	None
takiykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
waqtalla	None
chanqani	None
challanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wayrawan	None
urmaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
pach'ankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
khallkinkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
maqayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
grasyayhina	Possession by 1.sg
qaranchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
utqayniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
wathiyaykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
wawakunamanta	None
akllaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
atiyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
kichaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
qaraykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tipiykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llallinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
mit'aykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
wallpa	None
tupayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
awqa	None
qarankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
allinyanchik	None
chaskita	None
sukhanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khachunchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qurinkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
mitmayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
llanthunnaq	None
kaypa	None
mitikunki	None
q'imiykita	Possession by 2.sg
qallanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sukanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qayanqaku	None
puquna	None
kallpawan	None
patachankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
saqirqan	None
khuyanpi	Possession by 3.sg
killanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
malliykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
quriykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
anqilniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
phiñankichik	None
tusuykunamanta	None
chahrakuchunku	None
sumayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
qillqanaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
takayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsana	None
kurakaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qusiykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
t'impuchisqanku	None
qallarirqan	None
watuyninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
paskankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
utqayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ullantayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
tusuyniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
wiksaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
rumilla	None
wanayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
atipankuman	Possession by 3.pl
ch'askachawkunapaq	None
putinchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quwikunannaq	None
kallpayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
phaqsarayku	None
suruqch'iykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
yapayniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
atillchaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
ñust'anpa	Possession by 3.sg
chaskiykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amachayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
pisquykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qarayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
wasikunata	None
allwinchik	None
chuntanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuqana	None
muyuyninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
llakiyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simiykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aqhaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
qurinchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallaynkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
kutayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
allquchaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
aqhaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
kanayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
allpaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
llaqwayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
rikuriyninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
k'anchayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hip'irqan	None
chayamun	None
waqayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
suk'ankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
turikunantin	None
kamayuqkunap	None
yanaq	None
aquchaspa	None
tarpuyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
q'iwiyninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
upamanta	None
huchaman	None
pirwaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khuyaykama	Possession by 1.sg
wamp'uyniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
illankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
watuyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqyaykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
huqariykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
pichayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
kurakanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mirayninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
qusiykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
thitiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
raymikunantin	None
huqarinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
sayk'uyninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taytanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ichhunaykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wayllunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
suruqch'iykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
punkunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
saphiykinka	Possession by 2.sg
runakunamanta	None
wach'inku	Possession by 3.pl
samasqanku	None
p'uchquyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
wamp'uyninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
askhayarqankichik	None
ninaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
achanqarayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
llasayniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
saksayniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hakunchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaiñichunkuchu	None
amachaq	None
pichayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pachakunalla	None
chumpiykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
qichusqan	None
chuqay	None
saksayninpi	Possession by 3.sg
punkuykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
tupayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
chantaynrayku	Possession by 3.sg
wawaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
hamuyku	None
hinapi	None
p'unchawninwan	Possession by 3.sg
chinkaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
sisanka	None
askhayanku	None
takiyninhina	Possession by 3.sg
kicharqan	None
yarpayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
chinkaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
amaawankachunchu	None
raqachanwan	Possession by 3.sg
wallpaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
pukara	None
kunan	None
tikankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
uhunkupi	Possession by 3.pl
yaqullaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
qillqakuna	None
yarpayniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
anschiykachasqanchik	None
lliphlliykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
t'antanchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sipichunku	None
illaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
kusiyninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
ikmankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
phawayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
phuyuyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
samanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uya	None
atipachawninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tusurqaniku	None
q'apani	None
punkunkunka	Possession by 3.pl
phawayninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'iturqankichik	None
upallasqa	None
raphraykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
millayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
intip	None
apasqa	None
qayarqanchik	None
takaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
quriykipa	Possession by 2.sg
puchkaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
suwaq	None
chapisqaniku	None
uruya	None
uyayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
yachakuqniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
wanayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kinwaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiykunap	Possession by 1.sg
mink'anki	None
rirpuykichik	Possession by 2.pl
marq'ayninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
t'impuyniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ripuwlikaykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
waylluykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yarpasqanku	None
chantaynchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ankankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
chapuy	None
wiksaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
q'ipiykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
suruqch'inkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
rakinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
k'allampaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
qata	None
huñun	None
qillqana	None
achhiykama	None
q'imiyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aymuray	None
willan	None
amuyarqanki	None
kachasqaniku	None
millayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
tantankama	Possession by 3.sg
yunkakunapi	None
ikmaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tusuyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
ariykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
rankhiykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
pachakuna	None
pachanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
haywayniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachakuqniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watukuyniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
takiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
lliphlliykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qarayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ñawikuna	None
pach'a	None
paninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitmayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
sinchiyayniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
much'ayniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
ayniyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
phallchaykama	Possession by 1.sg
watuykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
aqhakunapaq	None
rikch'aykunahina	None
karruykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
amataripachunchu	None
wachanku	None
rawrayniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
rantispa	None
yupaychan	None
kuntimanta	None
allpankunata	Possession by 3.sg
tampunkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
qusikunanka	None
ruphayykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
sukasqanku	None
lliphlliykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuyniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiyniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
kuntipi	None
amachayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'ipikunapi	None
allayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
pirqaykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
tarisaq	None
sayk'uyninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taripayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
qullqipi	None
achhiyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
amaichiychu	None
chaki	None
illa	None
atillchankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
rawrayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
yuriyniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
kukaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
atiynin	Possession by 3.sg
sayariyniykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
illanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allinchay	None
puchkayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puqusqa	None
rutuyta	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuyninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
watukuyniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
aylluman	None
mink'ayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
wamphunkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
yanayniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
wach'inkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
qusikunakama	None
sapa	None
ichhunanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
uturunkunkuta	Possession by 3.pl
kichaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
t'antanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ustuynin	Possession by 3.sg
ñawinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
kasaqku	None
pallanchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unqusqa	None
khallkiyninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wasinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
qinchaq	None
k'allampaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ismuy	None
phuruman	None
purin	None
pakayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paray	Possession by 1.sg
ikmaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
llaqwayniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
llaqtaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
hark'an	Possession by 3.sg
amahalachunchu	None
k'allampakunamanta	None
wamp'uyniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
yanayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
maqayniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
pacha	None
yupanki	None
ch'uhtanachunku	None
hakunkuta	Possession by 3.pl
kañanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
ispankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
chamqaspa	None
maskhanqaku	None
rikuchiyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hamanq'ayykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
anchachaq	None
wayrachinaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
pisqukunap	None
urmanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yaqullayninka	Possession by 1.sg
ichhuyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
p'uchquyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
tamyaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
tamyaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
hankapi	None
hunt'ayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kallpayninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tampunkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
huqarinchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutiyninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
chamqaq	None
humint'ayninka	Possession by 1.sg
khipukamayuqninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
muchusqani	None
uywakuna	None
huqarinkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
yawarninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
yuyaspa	None
imapaq	None
chayakamusaq	None
upallarqaniku	None
wamp'uykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'unkunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'umanchik	None
tiksikunaman	None
ñawiykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pikchuykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pitunkunata	Possession by 3.sg
atiykunapaq	None
liwrunkuna	Possession by 3.sg
wallpakunalla	None
kukankunka	Possession by 3.pl
allquchaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
sunqumanta	None
rutuyniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
taytaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
chukuykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
lliphlliykunata	Possession by 1.sg
upakunaman	None
mink'ayniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
yawarman	None
much'ankunap	Possession by 3.sg
yachachirqan	None
yañaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ichhurqankichik	None
chiqakunarayku	None
apanqurankuta	Possession by 3.pl
kunkanta	Possession by 3.sg
aykhurqaniku	None
kusiyniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
illalla	None
Dyusniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
yurinpi	Possession by 3.sg
mallkiykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
llaqtaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khallkiyninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rankhiypa	Possession by 1.sg
kañasqa	None
pukaraykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuriykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
harawinchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichway	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kallpayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
huchaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
tupuna	None
sallaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muyuyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kañay	Possession by 1.sg
yurakunapaq	None
punkun	Possession by 3.sg
punanpura	Possession by 3.sg
kawsan	None
kichay	Possession by 1.sg
rakinkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
lliphlliykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
allinyankichik	None
ullantakunapaq	None
uyaykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
rutuykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
amaphukuchunkuchu	None
hanpusqa	None
amatiyaychu	None
kinankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
khuyankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
ichhunaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
yachaypi	None
q'imiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
maqayninka	None
llasankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
quyllurniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
sukhanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
k'anchaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yanayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ruq'annaq	None
ayniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
hawinqaku	None
kawsayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruraqninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
hayway	None
rit'iykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
sallaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
simanay	Possession by 1.sg
ñawpata	None
kichaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
siqsipaq	None
hunt'arqanku	None
wamphuykichik	Possession by 2.pl
pallayykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
sinchiyayniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
yachayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pakayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
q'ipiyninka	Possession by 1.sg
puquyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
chullunchik	None
sutiyman	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taskinchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aqhanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kawsayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
yupankinkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
killapura	None
parlayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yapayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
sukasaq	None
ñanninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
tampuykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awki	None
makinchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitmanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullantayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
rak'iyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mayllakurqani	None
wawayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
akllakunata	None
p'uchquyniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chuntankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
thitinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
pusasqan	None
ñiyniyman	Possession by 1.sg
taytaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'askakunawan	None
unquykunawan	None
kutiyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haywayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
allquchanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raymi	None
aqhayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñaqch'anchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqyanintin	Possession by 3.sg
parlayniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñit'iyniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
wamphukunap	None
saksayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
llaqtakunamanta	None
tiyanakunapura	None
p'unchawniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
ñaqch'aykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waylluykikama	Possession by 2.sg
wallpayniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khataykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takina	None
amach'aqwachunkuchu	None
watukuyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
uruyaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
wampunkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
armakunqaku	None
punaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'uspaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
aqtusqani	None
chanqaykukusaqku	None
liwruykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
pallayykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
manquyki	Possession by 2.sg
askhayani	None
pawaq	None
tuqtuyki	Possession by 2.sg
marq'ayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
uhunkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
rit'iykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
tamyakunalla	None
rak'iyniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychichawninnaq	None
tupunkunka	Possession by 3.pl
ninayayninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
ch'iquyku	None
qapariyninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayniyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
akllankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
sayariyniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
pantayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
yachakuqninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
qhawayniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
chinkayniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
qallariyniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
amachirichunchu	None
kurakaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaranchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wiqiykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
pukllayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
kawsasqa	None
allquchanchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ichhunaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikuriyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
simp'aykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
amachinkachichunchu	None
yachayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uyñunkupi	Possession by 3.pl
uyaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
waturqanchik	None
wawaykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
makiykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
ripuwlikakama	None
kichaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
chumpinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
waqayniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
kuchurqanchik	None
t'antaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
inkillniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
pirwanman	Possession by 3.sg
tikanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
intiykipa	Possession by 2.sg
pakarqani	None
antankaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
suyukunapi	None
chulluchiyku	None
chankaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
wanakuykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
yunka	None
khataykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
Dyuspi	None
tupuyninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
qhinchachaychik	None
pachaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamkharqanchik	None
pituykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
millaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
hayt'aykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
chumpisqankichik	None
chawayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
qusiykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
k'allampaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
tupuynin	Possession by 3.sg
ninayayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
t'antaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
intin	Possession by 3.sg
ankaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
ninayayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
achirqanchik	None
ripuwlikanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phallchaman	None
challwaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
yapayninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
rit'inkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
rawrayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watuykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kunkaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
phaqsaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
rutuykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
anqilninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
anqusachun	None
amanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
inkilllla	None
hark'anninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
lluqsinkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
maqachun	None
apanquraynintin	Possession by 1.sg
ñit'iyninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
killaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wayrachinapura	None
armaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'ipihyarqanku	None
paqtayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyukunap	None
hant'arqasqaniku	None
waqyaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kutiyniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
amahamuychikchu	None
kutiyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taytaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
ispaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
chiriyachisaq	None
achiwanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haywayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
niy	None
haywaypura	None
unquyninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ñanniy	Possession by 1.sg
imarayku	None
umalliykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
paninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
malliykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
suyruykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pantayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
raqachanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqata	None
wichayniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
makinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'uychichawniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pachaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
musquyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
uywawan	None
k'uychichawniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
urmakunanka	None
t'ikrankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
kinanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
inkillniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
wayrasqanku	None
akllurqanku	None
llaqtankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
mayllayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
aychankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
hip'isqanchik	None
turi	None
chuntanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amakachuchunchu	None
wallpanpi	Possession by 3.sg
kichaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wach'iyniypura	Possession by 1.sg
t'antaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
rak'iyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
churarqan	None
hawiyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
wayrakunata	None
achikyanki	None
apay	None
yupanaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
kuskakunapura	None
urmayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
wallpayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
ch'unkuykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
amakunaychikchu	None
aqha	None
rurun	Possession by 3.sg
sayariyninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
uturunkuykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
mit'aykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
punkuta	None
uturunkunpa	Possession by 3.sg
wathiyanwan	Possession by 3.sg
watyaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaran	Possession by 3.sg
yarqayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
illapankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
mikhunchik	None
sinq'ayniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
khallkiyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
chinkankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
yupinchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watuykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
khuyaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
simanaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
allquchankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
sukhanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aychaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
kallpayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qilliychik	None
hamanq'ayykichik	Possession by 2.pl
llaqwayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
chawayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
kurakanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'ayninman	Possession by 3.sg
riqsiykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
mallkiykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
t'ustuyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
aymurayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
nanayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
wasi	None
putinchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wawqiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
ichhuyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
asipayayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
pituykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
Dyusniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'ipinkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
qispichiyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
chakiykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uyñuykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
illaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ruk'ukunamanta	None
yachakunqa	None
mikhuq	None
illapanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
mink'ayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'aranchasqan	None
taytankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
ispankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
chankanpa	Possession by 3.sg
thuñinchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'imiykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
yupaychayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
phuyuyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'unchawniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
killanpi	Possession by 3.sg
sutinchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
machayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
taytankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
ikmaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
inkillninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
sat'iyninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitikunchik	None
phallchankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
p'unchawniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
quyllurniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispaspa	None
t'antakunapaq	None
wanakuykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tampunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
utqaylla	None
panikunanka	None
llaqtayninka	Possession by 1.sg
tampukunap	None
yachakuqniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
ch'askachawniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
wanaku	None
pichayniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watyaykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sat'iyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
musphaynchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'akunamanta	None
wanuykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
phuyuyninman	Possession by 3.sg
ispayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
rakiykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taripayniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
challankupa	Possession by 3.pl
ñañaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
ñawirisaq	None
q'uchunkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
allpaqanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
llallinka	None
wachayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
rawrayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
awsasqan	None
amach'allachunkuchu	None
asipayayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
kutichirqaniku	None
wichayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
pisquykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
alqarqankichik	None
wantunnaq	None
phinkiyta	None
achhiyninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kuchuy	None
phuyuykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayqiyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ch'uyanani	None
apaykuspa	None
wasikunapi	None
chukuykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
maqay	None
pakayniypura	Possession by 1.sg
ayrampunkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
uray	None
wanunchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqtankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
thitinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
achirqan	None
tiyanaypura	Possession by 1.sg
watyahina	None
ruq'apaq	None
wamp'uyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amawichaychu	None
uyankupura	Possession by 3.pl
mayllakusqanki	None
waqtankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
anqilniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñawiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
urmanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
arinkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
takayninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
siminkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
tikap	None
waqayninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tipiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
sayariyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'uchuykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
pirqanku	Possession by 3.pl
khallkinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
apanquranchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phinkiyrayku	None
michiq	None
huñuysisqanchik	None
ayqikunapura	None
rantikuyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
lliphlliykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
ullantaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
uturunkuykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pantawan	None
amayawnachunkuchu	None
qaranpi	Possession by 3.sg
harawiykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukarani	None
phallchayhina	Possession by 1.sg
khipukamayuqniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
manquykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
nispa	None
pukllaykuna	None
pikchuykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
llasaq	None
rumita	None
kukanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yapasqa	None
taytaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
karruykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uyñunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
kusihina	None
q'imikunamanta	None
hawkasqanki	None
churinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
anqilninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
musphaynchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
alayrichisqanchik	None
musquyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sat'iyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
huchaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
utqayninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sayk'uyninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mallinchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
Dyusninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
q'iwikunata	None
ruphaynkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ruphakunapi	None
wanuykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qusiykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
killachaw	None
chinkaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chantayykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
amaakaychikchu	None
mirayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
t'ustuyniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
yachaykuna	None
atillchankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
t'ustuyniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
qispichiyniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
takakunap	None
q'iwiyninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
yanapay	None
muyankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
kututuhina	None
q'ipiykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
p'achankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
phaqsaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanuykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
ruphayykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
yaykusqan	None
kichasqa	None
sukhaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
yupapi	None
qusinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
ruruykita	Possession by 2.sg
wamp'unchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unquywan	None
qhawayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
rikuriyninkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
tuqtuykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
ispayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
kachita	None
chawayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
ñiyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
kuyuq	None
chuqinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupakunannaq	None
malliykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
taskiykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
musphaynkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
pantayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
llalliykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mutkhisqa	None
tupuykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
t'impuyniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'ipihyaspa	None
sinchiyayninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
imawan	None
thuqana	None
llakiyninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wiqinkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
chuhchunchik	None
runakunapi	None
sallakunawan	None
ch'arancharqan	None
qispiyniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
purun	None
challaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
awanaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
makinchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
wampuykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
pukllan	None
khatankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
kichantin	None
manquykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañuyman	Possession by 1.sg
hamut'arqanku	None
kañaspa	None
tusuyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wampunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
tarpuywan	None
q'uchunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
suyakuynta	Possession by 3.sg
q'apayniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
tantaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
sayariyniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
ayqiykipa	Possession by 2.sg
tikakunahina	None
aychaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
hunk'aykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
tampunchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaaquchaychu	None
chukuykihina	Possession by 2.sg
riqsinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sukaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
k'anchaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
kanisqan	None
huchaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
kallcharqaniku	None
millaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
llallinkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
kunkaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
yarquq	None
ch'uspaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
hunk'akunaman	None
waqaq	None
chantayykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
ichhunanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
ayqichisqa	None
puñuq	None
tarpuyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
umallip	None
allpankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
q'ipinchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mit'aykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
waqyaywan	Possession by 1.sg
llamk'anankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
kuskarayku	None
pantayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llikllaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
kayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
t'antaman	None
ayniyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'akayanqa	None
illapachawninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
phutiykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
wasiykikama	Possession by 2.sg
kayhina	None
amachayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
apanquraykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
lliphlliyniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
aymurayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
anqilniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
qullqinchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnan	None
wawaypura	Possession by 1.sg
chantayykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
sallaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
marq'aychik	None
phinkiyniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yapayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychiykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taytayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
mink'aykita	Possession by 2.sg
llamaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
tarpuyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
qusiykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachayninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyuynin	Possession by 3.sg
chaskinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpaqaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
churiykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
qullqi	None
amachayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
hak'ukunarayku	None
aymurayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
k'uychichawninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
yallisqa	None
churaspa	None
khallkiyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
rit'iykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
chinkachisqankichik	None
yuriykunata	Possession by 1.sg
raphrayman	Possession by 1.sg
tarina	None
tuqtuykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'uyñuykinka	Possession by 2.sg
rirpunchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unukuna	None
t'aqankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
amaallinyachichunchu	None
ch'aqirqankichik	None
wathiyanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
liwrunpa	Possession by 3.sg
hunyay	None
achhiyninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
tipinkuman	Possession by 3.pl
ripuwlikankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
kunununun	None
harawinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
marq'aykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
inturqankichik	None
atipay	Possession by 1.sg
q'iwiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pakayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
paqariyninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisiyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
punkisqanku	None
arikunannaq	None
kuka	None
pakayniyman	Possession by 1.sg
musquchaychik	None
ruraqninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
ch'aranchani	None
antanka	None
yañayniykama	Possession by 1.sg
qhawayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuyykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
pallayykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
sunquykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'anchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
putiykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
suka	None
harawi	None
aymurayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
llikllaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
rawrayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
rirpunkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
amachayninka	None
pukllayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
apanquraykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taskiykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
quyllurchawniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
hawkay	None
lliphlliyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hayt'ankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
tipiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
churani	None
qatankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
wanunkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
tamyay	Possession by 1.sg
waqtanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
intusqanku	None
t'impuyninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qatankunap	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikranchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suruqch'inchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'iwiyniykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
runaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
taripasqa	None
wawakunapaq	None
qhichwanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qharita	None
karruykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispakunapaq	None
qhichwaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
ch'iqichinku	None
pikchunkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
wasimanta	None
turiykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuyninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
harawichunku	None
tusuyniykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
yawarniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
ayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
rikch'ayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
challay	Possession by 1.sg
qispichiyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
kinaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
tukuchinchik	None
q'ipisqanki	None
qillqaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisiyniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
ñiq	None
hark'anpa	Possession by 3.sg
kuska	None
ñaqch'aykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
wawaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuyp	None
yuriykipi	Possession by 2.sg
wach'iyninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allquchay	Possession by 1.sg
taytankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
llasayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
yanayniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
kapuyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
qhichwap	None
sinq'ayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sayayninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
humint'annaq	None
wantunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
yupaychayninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
paqtayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
akllankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
asipayayniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
utqayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achiwaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
llamk'ananku	Possession by 3.pl
tupuypi	Possession by 1.sg
ususiykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawankuna	Possession by 3.sg
pachakunap	None
wiqiykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchkankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
uywakunamanta	None
k'uychikunakama	None
ayqichinki	None
aylluykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
musphaymanta	None
ñawisqan	None
llaqtanpa	Possession by 3.sg
ñaqch'anchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
willana	None
pachan	Possession by 3.sg
kayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
umallinchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
liwruykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
allpaqanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
asiyniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'aykunata	Possession by 1.sg
quwinta	Possession by 3.sg
suway	None
q'apayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hallmachun	None
yachakuqninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sutinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
humint'ankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
wamphuykita	Possession by 2.sg
khuyankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
uyankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
chumpiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
yura	None
chaskiy	Possession by 1.sg
kinaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
pirqata	None
harawirqankichik	None
sallanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phinkiyninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
wawqinchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wampuykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
lluqsinkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
qullaman	None
iskaychay	None
waqachinchik	None
karqan	None
llamk'anaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watunrayku	Possession by 3.sg
paskanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runakunap	None
sumayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
killachawniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
unu	None
pikchuywan	Possession by 1.sg
amachayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
pach'aykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
llamankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
khipukamayuqmanta	None
llamakuna	None
llamk'anakunanka	None
wantunkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
phiñasqani	None
millanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaallipunakuchunchu	None
qispichiy	None
wach'iyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
mitmayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haywayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
ch'uspaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
antikuna	None
yarpayninta	Possession by 3.sg
wayrachinanpi	Possession by 3.sg
mitk'ankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
waqayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
yanayninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
waqtaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
inkillniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
sat'iyniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
arinsana	None
awsayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyunqaku	None
saksayninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
yupankiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
allquchachunku	None
sinq'ayniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
urmaq	None
millanchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hatarisunchik	None
chaskiykusunchik	None
kapunku	None
yuriykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
killaykiman	Possession by 2.sg
much'ayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anschurichinku	None
huchaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
hayt'anrayku	Possession by 3.sg
ñawra	None
allipunakurqanku	None
sisaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takisqa	None
qapariyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
thitiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
turinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ripunqa	None
achachinchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qusiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
ikmanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayqiyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
aqhaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llalliykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
grasyaykiman	Possession by 2.sg
k'allampaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
unquyniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
watuyninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
pukllayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
kutayninman	Possession by 3.sg
patachankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
liwrukunata	None
achhiyniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muyuyniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
saqinqaku	None
qunurqanchik	None
liwru	None
hayt'arayku	None
chahraysinchik	None
wayllunchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aynisunchik	None
kallpayniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
chuntayninka	Possession by 1.sg
achachiylla	Possession by 1.sg
p'unchawniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
wamrakunata	None
raqachaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phallchanman	Possession by 3.sg
yupinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
pirwanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hunk'anchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awqarqani	None
qhawayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suysuspa	None
yuyaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mink'ayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kawsayninta	Possession by 3.sg
huchaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
akay	None
yarpaylla	None
uyayninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
rak'iyniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
hallmana	None
musquyniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
rankhinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khataywan	Possession by 1.sg
aysana	None
qalluninka	Possession by 3.sg
wañuyniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hamanq'aynchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sallqa	None
rikuchiyniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'ullchusqanki	None
watyaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
kuntiman	None
yawnasaqku	None
saqirqani	None
takayniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
ayqiykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
mink'ayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awanaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
qillqaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
ch'iqmichirqanku	None
suyrunpa	Possession by 3.sg
phaqsaypura	Possession by 1.sg
qaranchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kasqa	None
t'ustuyninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
simp'aykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
t'aqaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
ch'aqlasqankichik	None
rantikuyniyman	Possession by 1.sg
allayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
suruqch'inkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
chawayniykama	Possession by 1.sg
atillchaykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
chukunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
kututukunapi	None
tupun	Possession by 3.sg
kasqan	None
rikusqa	None
pallanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asipayayninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
puquyninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
raki	None
ripuwlikahina	None
quyllurkuna	None
aychaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
suyakuynchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kuraq	None
chapasqankichik	None
aywan	None
suyrunkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
wawaykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
llikllapi	None
qallaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
ayqinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
sukanchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chahcharqan	None
puchkayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
kukaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
simanayhina	Possession by 1.sg
tampuykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taytakama	None
llaqwayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
tupuykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
chiqachakusunchik	None
uyanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
pantayniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuyylla	Possession by 1.sg
qawaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
sayk'uyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
kinwaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'impuyninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
pantayninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huq'arinchik	None
umallinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
paraykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
qillqanman	Possession by 3.sg
kunturniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
kallpaq	None
ullantaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
amauhuychu	None
rantiyniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
tuqtuykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
mirayman	None
malliymanta	Possession by 1.sg
amaq'iwiychikchu	None
killachawrayku	None
waqayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
mamaywan	Possession by 1.sg
rikch'ayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
phinkiyniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
chapakusqani	None
machasqa	None
simin	Possession by 3.sg
uhuykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
ariwan	None
chinkachisqanchik	None
rikuriyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
tikaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
phawayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
llikllankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
wiqita	None
yaqullankunap	Possession by 3.sg
wachayniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
turikunamanta	None
wach'iyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wañusqanchik	None
aqhankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
mink'ayninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
paniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
simp'aykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
paskaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
taripayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
awanaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
rutunkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
ñiyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kaylla	None
wach'iyniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
wañusqa	None
aspinku	None
qillqanaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
hak'uchasqanku	None
pichayninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkayninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kanayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
k'allampankulla	Possession by 3.pl
khataykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
qusinkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
muyunnaq	None
t'aqakunap	None
sat'iyniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
ayniyniykita	Possession by 2.sg
pukllayniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
yanayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
ikmanpa	Possession by 3.sg
killachawniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watuyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychiykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
urqukunawan	None
t'ikanlla	Possession by 3.sg
umallinka	None
yupaychayniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
inkillninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
humint'aynintin	Possession by 1.sg
aqhankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
illapankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
phawaq	None
chantayykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
kinanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aychanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sallanchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'ankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
kurakaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mayllayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mallinkuman	Possession by 3.pl
hallpayku	None
uturunkuykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
wachayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
aychanta	Possession by 3.sg
much'aykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
haywarisqanchik	None
awqarqan	None
rak'iykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
ayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
yupankiykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
q'apiykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qatankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
riqsiyniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
kichapura	None
chumpi	None
kinakunamanta	None
q'uchuykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
tukuchisqaniku	None
hakunchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kallpa	None
maqayninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpasqan	None
allipunakunku	None
aklla	None
t'ikrankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
ripuwlika	None
p'uyñuntin	None
q'imiykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
ayrampunpura	Possession by 3.sg
ninapi	None
allquykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
tuparayku	None
sukhaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aysayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
urmaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
chawayninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
qusiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
qarayninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
llaman	Possession by 3.sg
hunk'ankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
wayrapi	None
hampiy	None
t'ikrachun	None
ayqiykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
hephq'asqaniku	None
mallkikunalla	None
takiykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'imiyniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
ullantaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
tiyamuchunku	None
yañayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñit'iyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'uyñunkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
mayllakuyku	None
puchkayninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtapura	None
yupinpi	Possession by 3.sg
taripayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wathiyaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
mitk'ankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
yañakunapura	None
kunkankuna	Possession by 3.sg
waki	None
hunt'ayniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
llaqtata	None
aysayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tuyturqanchik	None
ch'askachawninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
hamanq'ayykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
ñaqch'aykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispiyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
qurqanku	None
kapuyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
mikhusqan	None
sinchiyanqa	None
t'antankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
amaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
chumpiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
imanarqan	None
p'ampaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pakayniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
ruraqninlla	Possession by 3.sg
yuranlla	Possession by 3.sg
sutiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
tampuyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
mayllayniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakiykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
upallanqaku	None
mink'aykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
qasanqaku	None
patachaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phallchaykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqtanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullantayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
ñiyninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
watuykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
ripuwlikakunakama	None
aqhaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
lluqsiykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
kusispa	None
hunk'aykilla	Possession by 2.sg
kunaykunahina	None
huñurqan	None
asnayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
marq'aykintin	Possession by 2.sg
ch'uspaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
grasyankunata	Possession by 3.sg
malliykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
paqariyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runakunawan	None
k'allampap	None
parlayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
yawarniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
llasaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
wanakunchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yachaq	None
q'apinkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
ninayki	Possession by 2.sg
punkuykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
ch'ipchiykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
yarpayniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
chinkanlla	Possession by 3.sg
t'iturqanki	None
karruykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hayt'anchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qawankukama	Possession by 3.pl
qaparispa	None
aymurayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
kañirqan	None
t'impuyniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
wañunkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
wayra	None
saruyninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkakunapura	None
ripuwlikankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
achhiyniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llallininka	Possession by 3.sg
tiyarqanku	None
apuchasaqku	None
qatiy	None
kusiyniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
mana	None
raphraykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sama	None
pikchu	None
aymurayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'ankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
chakatankichik	None
thitinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
antacharqankichik	None
aqhay	Possession by 1.sg
sumayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
kichasunchik	None
q'apayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
simanankulla	Possession by 3.pl
grasyayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
kutiyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
sayayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
uhunchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
nanayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
kichaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
yupaychaynin	Possession by 3.sg
apakamuchunku	None
marq'aywan	Possession by 1.sg
yarpayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
ruruypura	Possession by 1.sg
amatachunku	None
yachakuqniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
rantiywan	None
ullantanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wallpankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
paqarisqa	None
p'uchquykunapura	None
musphaykunantin	None
wamp'uyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pawarqaniku	None
tikaninka	Possession by 3.sg
uywakunap	None
yurankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
kunkakunap	None
amahinaychikchu	None
aypaq	None
llalliykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
phaqsanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'uychichawninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
lliphlliyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
allquchankunka	Possession by 3.pl
samayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
layqa	None
qhawasqa	None
apipura	None
millayniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
mitmayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
amukunalla	None
p'unchawniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
millaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
taskiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
mink'aykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
ch'uhtanani	None
rimasqan	None
tupuq	None
t'ikarayku	None
panta	None
purisqa	None
p'achaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
phurumanta	None
sutiykita	Possession by 2.sg
thuñiymanta	Possession by 1.sg
layqanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uyayniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
quyllurninnaq	None
ullantayninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raphraykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupaychachunku	None
ch'askachawniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amachahrachaychikchu	None
huñuysisqaniku	None
illapachawkunapi	None
khachukunamanta	None
amarimachunkuchu	None
tuqtuy	Possession by 1.sg
rutuyninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chiqachakunchik	None
puchkayniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
ruruykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
tukuchisqan	None
q'apayninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
riqsiyninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
rayminchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aylluykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rumirqankichik	None
akllankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
paskankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
rurukunamanta	None
lliphlliypaq	Possession by 1.sg
saphinkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
punaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
paniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
awankay	None
sallqapi	None
muyaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chapasaqku	None
pisiyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
pichayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
wach'iyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
tamyankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
khipukamayuqniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
allicharqankichik	None
waqyaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaqta	None
allquchapura	None
allquchakusqankichik	None
riqsiykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tuqtuykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rimasqa	None
yapasqan	None
nirqan	None
simananchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qusunchik	None
yachakuqniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
mikhun	None
paqtayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
qillqanaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchkayninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
kayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
yupaychayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
rit'iykichik	Possession by 2.pl
umallinchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
turinchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutisaq	None
q'ipinkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
phawachunku	None
k'anchayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rantikuyniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
ruphayyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
takiyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
ch'ipchiykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
killachawniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
pukarankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
waqtaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
pallankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
aqhankuna	Possession by 3.sg
mitk'aykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
putinintin	Possession by 3.sg
rantichun	None
q'apayninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
kutaypaq	None
illapachawninkama	Possession by 3.sg
t'aqaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
umalliykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
akllana	None
lluqsiq	None
tiksikunap	None
taripayniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
takayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychichawniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallariy	None
punkunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
uyaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
ch'achusqanki	None
thatkiynintin	Possession by 1.sg
wantuykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
llallikunap	None
ariykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awanaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ullantayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
yachayniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
ayrampuykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
grasyaypi	Possession by 1.sg
rayminmanta	Possession by 3.sg
llaqwayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamp'uykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
rak'iyniy	Possession by 1.sg
ichhuykunantin	None
suyrunkunka	Possession by 3.pl
aypay	None
challaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
killachawninhina	Possession by 3.sg
chinkarparispa	None
kapuyniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
yawarniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
samayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
ñankunapi	None
sayaq	None
ñanninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mink'ayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
ñaqch'akunapaq	None
qillqaspa	None
rutuykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
pikchuykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñañaykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
wampuykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
wachayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
pukararqanchik	None
p'unchawniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
hamanq'aynchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
killachawninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
khuyankama	Possession by 3.sg
tarpuyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
wayrachinanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
quyllurchawkunahina	None
wayrachinaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
ichhuyniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
millaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
q'awaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
anqilniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
tusuyniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
runapaq	None
pach'aykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanaychik	None
sayay	None
atipachawwan	None
q'uchunhina	Possession by 3.sg
mallkiykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikch'ayninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
allquwan	None
wakcha	None
wallpayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
aymurayninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'aqanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
ñit'iyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
khatankunata	Possession by 3.sg
uyarina	None
hunk'ankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
pach'aykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
qillqaqhawapasqankichik	None
saruykuna	None
raqachaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tantaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
yaqullaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
umalliykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
qallukunanka	None
phallchaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
yuyaypa	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuyniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
lluq'ipi	None
samaynintin	Possession by 1.sg
karrunkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
yuyaychik	None
p'uchquyninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
quyllurniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
q'uchunchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
musphayykipi	Possession by 2.sg
p'achaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
mirayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
wayllunkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
challwakunakama	None
wayrachinaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
t'impuyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
karruykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisquninka	Possession by 3.sg
killankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
musquynintin	None
watuyninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
pisquykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
machayninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
rantikuyniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
qapariy	None
kunkankupi	Possession by 3.pl
ñanniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
yupaychayniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tipiykichik	Possession by 2.pl
khatanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hamanq'ayykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
ñit'iyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallariypi	None
thatkiypi	Possession by 1.sg
kusiwan	None
khipukamayuqniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
yarpayniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
kallpayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
yupaychasqa	None
watukuyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
turinkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
unquyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
sususqani	None
asunku	None
qapariyniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
rakiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ruphayykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurchawwan	None
tantaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rit'iykikama	Possession by 2.sg
qhichwankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
ullpunwan	Possession by 3.sg
layqaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
armaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ripuwlikankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
qarayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waylluykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
apamuspa	None
takayninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
tupakunapaq	None
phurunkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
ichhuyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
p'ampankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
atipaykama	Possession by 1.sg
churpun	None
pisiyniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
chuku	None
llamankupi	Possession by 3.pl
thitiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qullqinkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
uhu	None
yapachunku	None
ch'uspanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runankuna	Possession by 3.sg
uynikuyku	None
quwiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
quyllurniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
pisiyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
supaypa	None
wathiyanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mit'aykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
saruyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
asiynininka	Possession by 3.sg
kawsaspa	None
raqacha	None
urpi	None
pisiyninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
atipayhina	Possession by 1.sg
puchkaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ninayayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
kapuq	None
yupinchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uturunkuykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
unirqan	None
uhuyman	Possession by 1.sg
punkuywan	Possession by 1.sg
thatkikunamanta	None
llasaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
khipukamayuqkunarayku	None
chawpi	None
atispa	None
inkillniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
rikuriyninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
rutuykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
amach'iqtachunchu	None
uruyankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
q'apayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
quyllurniylla	Possession by 1.sg
wañuykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
llasani	None
ruraqninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
bahanqaku	None
maqayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
tanqana	None
ullpunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
kachun	None
añinqaku	None
qispiyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
urpinku	Possession by 3.pl
asnayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wampunkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
awqakuna	None
qusinkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
illaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watukuyninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
wamp'uyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
rutuyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
hinaman	None
waqyaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
qallariyniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
payllap	None
pikchunkuta	Possession by 3.pl
hut'uyasqankichik	None
kayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
kuyuy	None
phurunkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
qusiykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
sallayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
watunchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pikchunchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'antaykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisqunkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
chakiyninka	Possession by 1.sg
wayrachinaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
taskinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tamyankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
ichhuyninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
siminchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutinkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
makiykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
uyayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
kuraqkunanka	None
yachachin	None
qullqimanta	None
urmasqa	None
atillchaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sukhaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
awani	None
urmayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
rantikuyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
willay	None
tupuyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
yurakunap	None
rankhiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hunt'ayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
illapachawninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
amawantuychikchu	None
ruphayykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
thasasqanku	None
ununtin	None
sansamanta	None
k'anchayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
q'iwiyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'aykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
quyllurchawninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñaqch'aykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chinkasqa	None
ch'aqlanqa	None
chikchipura	None
phaqsaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
aynirqani	None
utqayniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
suyakuyykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
muchuspa	None
suyayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kapuyninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'imiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
atiyta	None
sayariyninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
aymurayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
rurunkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
kukaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
marq'aykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
awasqa	None
ayqiykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
asllayachisqankichik	None
puñusqanchik	None
asiyninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
kallpayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
musphayykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kapuyniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
munayninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anqilniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
Dyusniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
phutiyniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
pichayniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
lararqan	None
Dyusniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
asipayayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
riqsisqa	None
q'uchunpi	Possession by 3.sg
akullirqanki	None
yañayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
q'uchuykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
paqtayninka	None
chuhchannanqaku	None
harawiykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
ullpukunap	None
allquchaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wichayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
aypurirqaniku	None
allichasqa	None
suyayninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
apakamusqanku	None
llamankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
wampuymanta	Possession by 1.sg
q'uchunwan	Possession by 3.sg
aylluykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
aychaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
yuri	None
mitmayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tipirqani	None
hik'ipakusqani	None
khallkiyniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
anqilninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khachuykunap	Possession by 1.sg
pukllayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
wamphuykilla	Possession by 2.sg
lliphlliyniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
suyrunchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasankuna	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'ayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
qaranqa	None
ñañanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rampasqanku	None
watuyninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
amahut'kuychikchu	None
uturunkuykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
pitunkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
wallpaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
lliphlliyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisquykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
sukhankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
tikanku	Possession by 3.pl
hakunchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
usanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
siminchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskiykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
much'aykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
phutinkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
qisanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puqurqani	None
phutiyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'aqaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
sat'inchik	None
rikurisaqku	None
wayllunkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
taskiykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
apanquraykunap	Possession by 1.sg
yañaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amahinaychu	None
amachayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
tupuykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
sukhaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
chinruykachisqani	None
kinwaman	None
k'uychichawniykita	Possession by 2.sg
atillchaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
wathiyaykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
challalla	None
patachaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
q'awanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qurinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hanuk'aq	None
tusuyninintin	Possession by 3.sg
Dyusniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'impuyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
ichiy	None
wamp'uyniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
wanana	None
muyurayku	None
harchiyarqanki	None
uran	None
lluqsinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
ñaqch'ankuman	Possession by 3.pl
allpasqa	None
p'uchquypura	None
p'uyñuykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
chutarqanki	None
rayminkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
yachachiqkuna	None
khuyarqanku	None
utqayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pichayninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'aykintin	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
rikuq	None
pampakunap	None
awanayhina	Possession by 1.sg
karruykita	Possession by 2.sg
mitmayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
musquyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
lluqsin	Possession by 3.sg
sayayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raphraykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
phurunkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
suk'aykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
wiksaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
wañunhina	Possession by 3.sg
qillqaychik	None
ch'aphranasqaniku	None
challankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
raphi	None
yaqullanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yawarniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
mamamanta	None
intichawniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
qhawayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
wañunman	Possession by 3.sg
yuraykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
tipiylla	Possession by 1.sg
uyaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
musquyninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
phinkiyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
atiykunawan	None
ñirqankichik	None
rawraymanta	None
wasinmanta	Possession by 3.sg
ch'illchichisqanki	None
millayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
qarayninkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
masikunalla	None
ichhunarayku	None
ñit'iyniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
wawqinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
sansannaq	None
kayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
ayrampunkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
ñust'ankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
yachasqa	None
ullantaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ñust'anchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qullqita	None
ripuwlikankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
tupuyninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
ñawpakunawan	None
achiq	None
rit'inchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taskinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
paqarniykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
millaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
kunayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
pachaykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tupuyniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
rit'iykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
huchaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
pach'aykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
rirpukunalla	None
rikusaqku	None
mitk'anchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ninankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
t'impuyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
ninayayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
yañankunap	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'unta	Possession by 3.sg
suyakuykama	None
phuyup	None
quwinchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayñirqankichik	None
thatkiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tupaqmanta	None
rantikuyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
yañayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
tupuyninta	Possession by 3.sg
rakiykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
uyayninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ankallikurqan	None
pitunqa	None
taripayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ustuyniykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
arawasqanku	None
khuchip	None
churinkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
qhawayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
tupuyninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paqtayniy	Possession by 1.sg
pisqukuna	None
wayrachinanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phaqsankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
ususiykipi	Possession by 2.sg
kusiyninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaiskaychaychu	None
achiwaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
utqayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
llasanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wathiyaykama	Possession by 1.sg
yachayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
pallayykinka	Possession by 2.sg
haywayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
uyayniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sutikuna	None
yachayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takayniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wantu	None
sutikunaman	None
llaqtakunata	None
parankunka	Possession by 3.pl
yañaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
k'uychiykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
wañuyniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
yañayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
machay	None
ch'awasunchik	None
chakachikunku	None
yuyanqa	None
sukhaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ususinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
pukllaq	None
tiyanaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
rikuriyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
maqayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
amacharqan	None
rikuchiyniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
hunp'inkichik	None
rikch'ayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
rikuchiyninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
nanayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
yupaycharqankichik	None
q'iwiyninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
k'uychichawninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
haywarqan	None
utqayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
raphraykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
llamakunapura	None
khachuykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakatanchik	None
ch'ipchiykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallanka	None
ruruynintin	Possession by 1.sg
awñiyku	None
waqtaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayqiyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
tupuykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
pakayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
t'impuyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yachay	None
hakuykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
awsayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
qullqinchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uyankuman	Possession by 3.pl
wampuylla	Possession by 1.sg
huqariykuna	Possession by 1.sg
hunk'aykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
qullpapaq	None
siqsi	None
watukuyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
puchkayniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
marq'ayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
allana	None
wichayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
pachaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
q'awaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
chinkayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
uhuykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paqtayniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watyanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tantankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
chinkayniykinka	Possession by 2.sg
qaranmanta	Possession by 3.sg
puriq	None
amaupyaychikchu	None
kutipakusqa	None
wanakukunamanta	None
chawayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
waqachisqankichik	None
musquyniy	Possession by 1.sg
intinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
takayniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
rutuyninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
rurunkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
yaqullankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
watuyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'impuyninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
chinkankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
takunqa	None
rimarqan	None
ch'unkuykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
ichisaqku	None
llalliylla	Possession by 1.sg
q'apayniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
ruphayykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hankaykama	Possession by 1.sg
awsayninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
sunqunkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
uma	None
hunt'ayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
simanaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
intiykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
atiyninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
harawinkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
q'ipinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllur	None
rurukuna	None
yuriyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
mallkiykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychata	None
kinwankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
allayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
t'antaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
michina	None
wañusqanku	None
paqarninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
yupankinkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
raqachanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
turinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
grasyakunapi	None
urmayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
qisankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
qawannaq	None
tuqtu	None
marq'aykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
amainqhiykachaychikchu	None
ñit'iyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
pantayninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
sansakama	None
qusiykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
allpaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kachi	None
sinq'anintin	Possession by 3.sg
challaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
quwikama	None
wasipi	None
umallikunapi	None
pachapi	None
paskaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ch'iqanasqanki	None
grasyaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
ruraqninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
mamaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
qawaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yapayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yarpayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paqarniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiyninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
llullanka	None
wayt'ayku	None
sallankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
hayt'akunalla	None
ruraqpa	None
munasqan	None
huqarirqani	None
phurunkukama	Possession by 3.pl
uyanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
chaskisqan	None
ayqiy	Possession by 1.sg
ima	None
wiqinkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
illaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
qarayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
waylluykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watunkunap	Possession by 3.sg
mit'aykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
chantaynchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aychaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
grasyaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
rantichunku	None
achiwanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
punkunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'ipchikunantin	None
ayqiykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
sansantin	None
usay	Possession by 1.sg
yuriyniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
anschuykusqanku	None
pukllayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
mitmayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
mamaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
wawqikuna	None
sukaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khuyaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
khallkiyniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pachaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
yuyayniykilla	Possession by 2.sg
simp'asqanchik	None
yurakuna	None
ch'uspanman	Possession by 3.sg
rikuriyhina	None
unuyarqani	None
liwruykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
qusikunaman	None
tusuyniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
takiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
khuyaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
much'ankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
chaskinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
llamap	None
ichhunanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asipayayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
allquykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asipayayninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ususiykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takinchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
liwrunkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
maqasaq	None
awananchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wichayninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
uturunkuykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
wawakunata	None
amaispapakuchunkuchu	None
pukllayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
liwrunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
takiyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wach'iyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
yawarpi	None
watuyninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
samaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychichawniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
hakunkama	Possession by 3.sg
ñiyninkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
mallinchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamra	None
phinkiyninka	None
phaqsayhina	Possession by 1.sg
anchaykachaq	None
kunturniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
allpaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
wallpayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qaraykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
akllawan	None
k'uychichawniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiyki	Possession by 2.sg
paniykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
unisqaniku	None
atiyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
siqsiylla	Possession by 1.sg
lluqsiykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawqiy	Possession by 1.sg
yaya	None
saphi	None
runaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
yachakuqniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
liwruykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yañaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
lliphlliykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
ayniyninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'aqaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
hat'allisqani	None
kinankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
intinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayrampuykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mamanchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
inkillniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
churiykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
khachunchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paskanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
waqtankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
ch'uspan	Possession by 3.sg
wamp'uyniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
k'allampaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuyniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hunk'anchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ispanpa	Possession by 3.sg
ruphannaq	None
amaismachunchu	None
aylluykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hayt'anninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
yachayta	None
chantaynkupura	Possession by 3.pl
urmayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hap'irqan	None
Dyusninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
yupiynintin	Possession by 1.sg
k'allampaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
apamusqan	None
amachuqaychikchu	None
ñit'iyninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkanlla	Possession by 3.sg
kawsayniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
kañaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
yupanamanta	None
paskaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
pakayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taytanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
raqachanpura	Possession by 3.sg
yupaychaynintin	None
ñañakunakama	None
ñaqch'aykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
thatkimanta	None
patachaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
ch'unkunchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raqachanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurchawninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
churinlla	Possession by 3.sg
taripayniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispay	Possession by 1.sg
kurakaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
kawsarqanku	None
much'aykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
mink'aykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hunk'anchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
munayninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
millaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
rirpuykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchkankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
allquchaypura	Possession by 1.sg
qillqanaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'achaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
llasayniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wiqinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
allinyachisqankichik	None
paninman	Possession by 3.sg
llakiyninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
tusuyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
tupukunamanta	None
liwrupi	None
aymuranki	None
tiyanankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
hankaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
uywamanta	None
kayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
rawrasqani	None
rit'iyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhichwaykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
nirqanku	None
tupuyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinwaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisqunkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
llamk'anaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
suruqch'iyhina	Possession by 1.sg
tusuyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kurakaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rakiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
sayayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
hakuykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
pukaraykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
amachurakuchunchu	None
urpinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
q'imiykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
llullakunantin	None
yuyaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
p'uyñuykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wallpayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
iñisqani	None
wallpahina	None
ñawin	Possession by 3.sg
kallpayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
yanayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
muchurqan	None
phawayniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
anqilniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
saruyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
karruypi	Possession by 1.sg
urmankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
rikuy	None
aysayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
tuqtuylla	Possession by 1.sg
ichhuyniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
siqsiykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
pukllayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
qillqayta	Possession by 1.sg
hankankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
qhichwaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
q'imiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
rutuymanta	Possession by 1.sg
mikhunkichik	None
ñañaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
asiyninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
liwruwan	None
wach'iyniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rantikuyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hut'uyayku	None
paqarniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
llaqtaykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
yachakuqninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
taki	None
kichanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runankupa	Possession by 3.pl
qisanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
malliykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
yanapan	None
tamyanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
nanayninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chaskiykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
marq'ankupura	Possession by 3.pl
kunkaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'aqapura	None
kurakanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llamk'anaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
ayniyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
akllayki	Possession by 2.sg
sinchiyayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
maqayniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'ayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
k'uychichawniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
patachanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pituykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chikacharqan	None
kawsaypa	None
riqsiyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
uyayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
thatkiykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
chimpana	None
apichakurqanku	None
amataq	None
tiyarqan	None
sutisqan	None
ullpuykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
liwrunchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yarpayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
puchkankuman	Possession by 3.pl
pach'akunapi	None
apanquraykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uhuykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kallpayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
chuntanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñañaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
chakiykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaki	None
wayrachispa	None
anqilninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
apihina	None
chapaspa	None
umalliykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
kaspa	None
palla	None
yañayniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
usaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
waqachisqa	None
chinkanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phuruykikama	Possession by 2.sg
wallpayniykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
saphikama	None
phaqsankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
achachinchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
quya	None
rawrayninintin	Possession by 3.sg
anschuykuyku	None
q'imiyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ikankunka	Possession by 3.pl
yuyayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
antankaykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
churikuna	None
llakiyninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
chinkayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
harawinkunap	Possession by 3.sg
qillqamanta	None
añisqa	None
hink'ispa	None
ispayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
ullantayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
allayniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
urpiykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
kunkankunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
phinkiyninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
yupankiykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
usaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
watuyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
q'imiyninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
wanakuykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
siriq	None
Dyusninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
apanquraykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phawaykacharqanki	None
simiykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
uturunku	None
wantunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pani	None
wamphuykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
taskiykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
patachalla	None
urpinkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
atipaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chankanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yarqayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
yupaychayninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
wichayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
wiksanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allqulla	None
wañunchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wawqin	Possession by 3.sg
wawap	None
chaskiykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qichuchunku	None
mallkiykikama	Possession by 2.sg
wasipaq	None
kañankupura	Possession by 3.pl
suyukunata	None
uyaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
qullpapi	None
quyllurpura	None
p'uyñuykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
ayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tamyanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ankaykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
saksayninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
wañuykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tupuyninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuranchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
liwruta	None
llaqwaqninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
qaraykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
chiqniq	None
pukyun	None
rimaspa	None
wañuyninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paraykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
chirararqanchik	None
hak'ucharqanki	None
riqsinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
phuyuyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
liwruykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
p'unchawninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'anchayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
pachamanta	None
wiqiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
malliykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
thuñinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
liyisqan	None
p'achankama	Possession by 3.sg
killaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
millayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
pukaraykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
pisi	None
qurichisqani	None
ichhuyninta	Possession by 3.sg
kawsaymanta	None
rantirqaniku	None
rirpuykuna	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuyniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
amanta	Possession by 3.sg
aymurayniylla	Possession by 1.sg
challwaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llallinkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
pukarankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
chuntaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
p'uchquyninninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
yarpayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
mallkinchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwaqniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rurunhina	Possession by 3.sg
aywasaq	None
paqariyniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'antarqanchik	None
pukaraymanta	Possession by 1.sg
nanayniykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitmasaq	None
pichayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
suk'aykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
husk'arqanki	None
turiykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayrampu	None
sat'iyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
sinq'anman	Possession by 3.sg
kunkanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tiyanaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
llasaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
raqachan	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikaq	None
munayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
aklluykachayku	None
t'impusqankichik	None
yawarmanta	None
simp'anchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwaqninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
arinsasqanchik	None
haywayninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuntankuna	Possession by 3.sg
asiyninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
hawch'ayku	None
siqsinchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañun	Possession by 3.sg
yarpanqaku	None
qallaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
ichhunankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
millay	Possession by 1.sg
chakiyman	Possession by 1.sg
sinq'ayniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
mink'ankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
wachaykunapi	None
rurunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
rirpuykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
siqsiykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
Dyusninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
illapachawniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
atillchankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
ankaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
t'ikranchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paqarninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
kanayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
putiymanta	Possession by 1.sg
lliphllinchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayqiynininka	Possession by 3.sg
aman	Possession by 3.sg
rawrayniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
churinchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allqunchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
parlayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sukankupura	Possession by 3.pl
intichawniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
makinhina	Possession by 3.sg
achachilla	None
qallariyniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
qispichiyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayllunnaq	None
quyllurniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
tuytunkichik	None
kañaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qurinkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
allpaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
wawanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñawillisunchik	None
khataykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
yupinlla	Possession by 3.sg
achachinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
Dyus	None
machaykunahina	None
sukaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
sutiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
wiqikunapi	None
quwiykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
takikunata	None
paqariyninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
ayllunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
hanaq	None
hurqurqanchik	None
tupayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
mallispa	None
allquykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phawayniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
chuqiykihina	Possession by 2.sg
simiman	None
suyakuyykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
aychaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
amayarquychu	None
thuñiykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llasaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
atipachawkunata	None
pirqanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wachayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
wallpaywan	Possession by 1.sg
wampukunap	None
layqaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khuyaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
killamanta	None
achanqarayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
rikch'ayninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
asipayaykunapaq	None
sansalla	None
taskinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
ayqiyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
taytaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
waqayniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uturunkuykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
amatasaqku	None
ruruykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
muchuyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uruyanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kichaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychichawniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kallpayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
aqtuy	None
wasinchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallayykipi	Possession by 2.sg
harawiykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
aykhusqankichik	None
yupanaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amawayrachunkuchu	None
taytanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyruy	Possession by 1.sg
hunt'ayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'ayniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
ruphanqaku	None
sinchiyayninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kawsayta	None
churiykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
ñust'ankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
sat'iyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
kumuq	None
q'uchuykunap	Possession by 1.sg
ruq'a	None
sinq'anpi	Possession by 3.sg
inkillninintin	Possession by 3.sg
wathiyaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
yanayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
ñañaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
amakapuychikchu	None
hich'asunchik	None
yarqusqan	None
phinkinqaku	None
ullantayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
mirayninman	Possession by 3.sg
ruraqniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiyniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
atilchan	None
antankankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
yurankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
wallpankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
hawiyninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chinkaq	None
kachankichik	None
pisiparqaniku	None
kawsayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
paqarninku	Possession by 3.pl
puriyku	None
khataykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tiyanankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kawsayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
paskaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
rutuyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
chakinkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
paskaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'iwiyninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
muyankupi	Possession by 3.pl
wiqiykunap	Possession by 1.sg
llallinkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
maqanakurqan	None
yupanaypa	Possession by 1.sg
ankankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
wantunkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
imanasqa	None
nanasqanku	None
churiyaychik	None
wiñaspa	None
qispiykunantin	None
khallkachikunki	None
uynikun	None
suyrunwan	Possession by 3.sg
wachan	None
ñust'ankunata	Possession by 3.sg
allayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
pisquhina	None
khuyaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
pakayniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
intiykipura	Possession by 2.sg
rak'iyninta	Possession by 3.sg
rikuchin	None
saphinkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
pachankupi	Possession by 3.pl
wach'iykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
qaran	Possession by 3.sg
rurarqan	None
llaqtakuna	None
sunquykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
millayniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
mit'aykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phawayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
uywakunapi	None
q'iminkama	Possession by 3.sg
khuchilla	None
sayk'uyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llakiyninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
allayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
hayt'aykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
humint'akuna	None
llaqwaqniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
marq'anku	Possession by 3.pl
chinkaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
ninaypa	Possession by 1.sg
saphiykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
tupawan	None
llullusqaniku	None
qalluykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
achhiyniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
puchqarqanchik	None
ruruykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
urpiykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
chinkayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
qillqaypi	Possession by 1.sg
kallpayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
hamurqankichik	None
pantayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
simp'ankupa	Possession by 3.pl
kapuyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
manquykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuyayniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
lliphllinkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
mink'aykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
wañuykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chumpinchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atiyniykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
achachiykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
simip	None
wawanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rakiykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
yupanaykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
asipayayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
mamaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
allpaqanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rantikuyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
kurakanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chantaynkupi	Possession by 3.pl
wasinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
phutinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
mitma	None
qusqan	None
chawayniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
kayman	None
uyanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
akllaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
t'urpuni	None
uranchik	None
khachu	None
rantiyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
manquynintin	Possession by 1.sg
nisqan	None
kusiyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
urqunka	None
hinata	None
machayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
kunturniyman	Possession by 1.sg
nanayninlla	Possession by 3.sg
k'anchaynin	Possession by 3.sg
hakukunap	None
sutiwan	None
puchkanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allayniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
Dyusta	None
khipukamayuqniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
challwamanta	None
sunqunkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
suk'aykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
t'antanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuyankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
sukaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
yachaypa	None
mitk'akunapi	None
mit'aykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
illankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
lluqsiykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kusisqanchik	None
t'aqaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
qawanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutiyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanakunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
urpiykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
sinq'ayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
Dyuspa	None
arawaychik	None
raphrankulla	Possession by 3.pl
llaqtakunapaq	None
pisquykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
supayrayku	None
sumayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
apanqurankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
parlayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
sinq'aykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ninanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takana	None
qaraninka	Possession by 3.sg
amachayninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
qallu	None
quwiykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llakisunchik	None
kancharqanki	None
hunt'ayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
yapayniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
sayayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rutuyniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
raphrankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
churinkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
aypachunku	None
sayariyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñanniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
aylluykinka	Possession by 2.sg
kutiyniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
ch'akichisqanku	None
ch'aqwasqanki	None
q'apirqaniku	None
yarqayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
ninayayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
hinapura	None
khallkiykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
phuyuq	None
yarqayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
illankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
aypanchik	None
raphrayta	Possession by 1.sg
t'ikraykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
ñiyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
manquykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
amu	None
pachanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urqu	None
ch'ullullullusqan	None
tusuyninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
inkillniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
ñawiykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
hunp'irqankichik	None
anchachasqanchik	None
yarqayninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
thuñiykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
munayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amahephq'achunkuchu	None
qallunta	Possession by 3.sg
much'ankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
yarpayniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
q'imiyninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tikakunanka	None
chuhchusqa	None
puchkaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
paniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tupayniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kutayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
muyaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
hurquna	None
kinwaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
llamk'ananchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rikch'ayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqyasqani	None
uhunchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwaqninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
riqsiypa	Possession by 1.sg
chayanpurqan	None
qapariykunalla	None
apaysirqaniku	None
layqaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llasayniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
yanayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
qullqiykama	Possession by 1.sg
tupuyniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
ariykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amasuwachunchu	None
t'impuykunap	None
miray	None
sayariyninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atillchakunawan	None
ankaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
kututuman	None
waqtankunap	Possession by 3.sg
ichhuyniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
ruraqniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
patachanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sumayta	None
rirpunnaq	None
atiykunantin	None
kachusqankichik	None
p'uchquq	None
llamanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quwimanta	None
pisquykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
qarankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
rutuykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
ruphaynlla	Possession by 3.sg
chalapi	None
q'uchuykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kinwankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
watyaykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amaankallikuychikchu	None
aychanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kunayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
waqyankuna	Possession by 3.sg
yachakuqkuna	None
atiyniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yaqullaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
waqyaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
chantayykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awanankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
tukuchispa	None
pisqunchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chutasqanki	None
llaqwayniykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
riqsiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
q'awakunalla	None
anschurichiq	None
sayayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
simana	None
lluqsiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
tiyaq	None
wañuykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
kuraqta	None
paqarniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rayminkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
tupu	None
ruraqniypa	Possession by 1.sg
ch'iqmichisqani	None
chanqiyarqanchik	None
saruyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
husk'asqa	None
qallariyniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
llamanhina	Possession by 3.sg
utqayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
unquyniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlaykunalla	None
takiy	Possession by 1.sg
pukarankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
phaqsakunantin	None
ayqichirqan	None
wañunchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
wayrachinanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watyankama	Possession by 3.sg
saruyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
wamp'unkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
khallkinkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
wiqinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challaninka	Possession by 3.sg
mamaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'aqsarqaniku	None
sayk'uynku	None
takayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ispapakusqanku	None
paqarninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
k'uychinninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
rawray	None
qillqalla	None
achiwaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
lliphllinchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paraykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
khallkiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
saphinman	Possession by 3.sg
amachayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
p'unchawninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
q'apayniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlayniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
nanayninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wañuyninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llamakunapaq	None
atipaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
sallankuta	Possession by 3.pl
qillqaykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
amach'irwachunkuchu	None
amachallwaychikchu	None
k'uychimanta	None
hakuykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
millaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
yupinpa	Possession by 3.sg
chaskiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
aqhankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
sisaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
takuni	None
rutunkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
aychaykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchqarqan	None
ripuwlikaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
qawaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yarpayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paskanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
liwruykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
khipukamayuqkunannaq	None
rikuchiyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
aqhaykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
ayqiyninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
qallarirqanku	None
ayninpura	Possession by 3.sg
hark'anlla	Possession by 3.sg
p'achaypa	Possession by 1.sg
kunaq	None
uynisqanchik	None
atinku	None
chawayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
yarqaypaq	None
patachaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
wamp'uyniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wiqinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tarpuyniypa	Possession by 1.sg
khallkinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
unquyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
q'uchukunanka	None
challwakunap	None
ch'iqusqaniku	None
chakinpi	Possession by 3.sg
hankaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
chinkasunchik	None
chiriq	None
suyuman	None
qhawaq	None
tusuykuna	None
p'ampanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
lliphlliyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
kapuynin	Possession by 3.sg
puna	None
llaqtaypa	Possession by 1.sg
qispiyninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
kapuyniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
rirpu	None
ñirqan	None
llaqtaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taytan	Possession by 3.sg
rak'iykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taskiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
mamanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amay	Possession by 1.sg
khallkinkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
suyakuyykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
karruyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
k'uychichawninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
qisaykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
challaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
yachanku	None
Dyusniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
sinchikuna	None
kichani	None
muyaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
sunquykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
pisiyniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
yurap	None
intiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chumpiyninka	Possession by 1.sg
sat'iyninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
lliphlliyninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
chinkayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
kutiyninpi	Possession by 3.sg
mayllayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
haywayniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
watukuyniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
atipachawniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'unkuykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
ichhuna	None
ñiyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
wach'inkunka	Possession by 3.pl
uyayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
pallana	None
qullqinkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
waqarqanku	None
wamp'uyniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
siqsisqanki	None
churiykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
chakiykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupinintin	Possession by 3.sg
saksayniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
uywapi	None
pallaynchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takiykita	Possession by 2.sg
amasayachunkuchu	None
rurunchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chakiykichik	Possession by 2.pl
khachukunakama	None
riqsinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
llasayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
phaqsaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
wiqinkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
wach'iyniykama	Possession by 1.sg
wayrachinankunata	Possession by 3.sg
yachakunku	None
achiwap	None
wampuykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
asllayachichun	None
simiykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qaraykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
manqunkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
tupuyninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
sayk'uyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
ñawillirqani	None
tusuyniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uturunkuykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achachiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawaykunawan	None
suyruykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
killachawninta	Possession by 3.sg
much'ayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
thatkikuna	None
yañayninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
wanunkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
ch'unqarqaniku	None
siqsina	None
ripuwlikaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachakuqniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
mirayninlla	Possession by 3.sg
rawrayniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rutuyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
punata	None
ispayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
aspinqaku	None
p'ampaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
haylliyku	None
q'iwiyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rit'inkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
llamaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
sayariyninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
haywayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
kichaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
unquykuna	None
urmaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
qunqasunchik	None
waqtanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simanaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
ñañaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqap	None
kinaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llasakunantin	None
siqsinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
usaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
antankanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
takiyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
kinwankuta	Possession by 3.pl
asipayayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
saruyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
upap	None
chakinnaq	None
ñawi	None
kinap	None
anschurichinqaku	None
phinkiyninkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
amachakannachunchu	None
k'uychichawniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
llasaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
allpaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
simanayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
hunk'aykita	Possession by 2.sg
samankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
ullpunchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallayykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
tiyanahina	None
challanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
paraykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
layqaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
sipiy	None
turiykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
uyayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haywayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
churiykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
qhichwakunap	None
amach'aqwaychu	None
khallkiyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'ayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
chuqiykipi	Possession by 2.sg
qallayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
wathiyaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
chantaynchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puqu	None
mayllanki	None
ñawiykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
machayniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychiykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iyniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
wikch'unchik	None
maqaypi	None
yuyanlla	Possession by 3.sg
chahraysisqankichik	None
chantaynchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wachaspa	None
ñaqch'aykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
takiyniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
kurakaywan	Possession by 1.sg
rutuyniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyuq	None
sukaypura	Possession by 1.sg
qallariyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
allpasqani	None
hark'aykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
urmayniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
kusiyniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'aqakunannaq	None
wañupi	None
humint'anchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muchuyninpa	Possession by 3.sg
mayllasunchik	None
mikhunata	None
khachuykipi	Possession by 2.sg
layqaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phuyuyniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
ch'uspaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
tipinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'aqaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
añaynichirqankichik	None
masintin	None
pitunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unquypa	None
ch'askachawninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
willkachankichik	None
t'aqaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
illapachawkunannaq	None
kapuyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ikasaqku	None
ruraqninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
wañuypa	Possession by 1.sg
asipayayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
humint'asqa	None
tiksikunahina	None
ullantayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapachawkunap	None
qillqanaykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
yupankikunannaq	None
putinkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
yawarniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
makita	None
pukllayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
sat'iyninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
munayniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pichayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yurakunapi	None
simp'ankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
ispapakun	None
pallayykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chinkachispa	None
sukanchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpanarqanki	None
qallankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
llamkhaychik	None
wiksa	None
yuraykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
wayna	None
akllaninka	Possession by 3.sg
quriykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
yupankiyhina	Possession by 1.sg
tiyan	None
millayninka	Possession by 1.sg
t'ikraykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
rawrayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
ariykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
chinkaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watuykita	Possession by 2.sg
rutunkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
rak'iykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsaynin	Possession by 3.sg
kapuyniypa	Possession by 1.sg
anchachankichik	None
kanayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
paqarniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'unchawkunannaq	None
wanaypi	None
phuyuyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuynininka	Possession by 3.sg
usankunka	Possession by 3.pl
hamut'anchik	None
llaqtaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
ñawinkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
hunk'aykipi	Possession by 2.sg
kapun	None
mayllayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
chimpasaq	None
sat'iyniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
ayqinkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
umalliykuna	Possession by 1.sg
mink'anchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
kinaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
wampuykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
urmaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
paqtayniykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
chayamunki	None
watuyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
yaykurqanku	None
rirpunkuman	Possession by 3.pl
tupuyniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
liwrumanta	None
wiqinkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
tipisunchik	None
kallpayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
ullpunka	None
ñiyniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ñiyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
challaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
kunayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
qispichiyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apayniykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
yachakuqniypi	Possession by 1.sg
yuranchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mirayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
qarayninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hawiyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
kutaspa	None
amaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
chantayykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
watuyninintin	Possession by 3.sg
aymurayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
tuqtuykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
harawiykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wiqi	None
ch'unkukunata	None
yarqun	None
achanqaraywan	None
mirayninnaq	None
qillqaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
rit'iykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
siqsinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
nin	None
uyaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
allpaqankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
chinkakapuyku	None
sallanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taripayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
tupukuna	None
achikyay	None
awananta	Possession by 3.sg
rit'inki	None
wamp'uykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rit'iykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
saksayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
muchuyninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupaychayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
amaaykhuychu	None
kallpayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
huqarinchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khuyay	Possession by 1.sg
allayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ninayayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
illaykama	Possession by 1.sg
kututuypa	Possession by 1.sg
yarpayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
yañayninkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
wachayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wach'inintin	Possession by 3.sg
atin	None
saksayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
pikchunkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
huqariykipi	Possession by 2.sg
ñañankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
suyruykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
challankupura	Possession by 3.pl
kayrayku	None
simanayman	Possession by 1.sg
kunkankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
yachachiy	None
niq	None
yupaychayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
wanuywan	Possession by 1.sg
uyanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayllukunawan	None
makinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
wantuykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
tukun	None
rurana	None
ayniyninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pirqankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
tipiykita	Possession by 2.sg
ñust'anchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raymikuna	None
khata	None
phaqsaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
yañayniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
pirwankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
churichakusaq	None
aypaspa	None
yupanaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
mitmayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
atipachaw	None
rutunkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
tusuyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
ch'illmipakunqaku	None
usachirqani	None
waqayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ñust'anchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awanaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
yarpayniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suwarqanku	None
ch'isiyarqanku	None
allqunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinaykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaraykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhapaqkunap	None
amachallwachunkuchu	None
p'achanku	Possession by 3.pl
wañuyta	Possession by 1.sg
sinq'ankupi	Possession by 3.pl
millaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
kunkayki	Possession by 2.sg
t'aqaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amariqsiychikchu	None
urmaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
harawirqan	None
qillqankunka	Possession by 3.pl
yupankiykama	Possession by 1.sg
machayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
musphayykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
samanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurchawniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
musquyniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kutayninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llamaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chuqiykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
k'allampaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
hatunchayku	None
kuchurqanku	None
takiyninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullpuykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
apanqurakuna	None
chuhchannay	None
qarayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
lliphlliwan	None
puñuy	None
ullpuykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukarankukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
q'imiyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
wampuypura	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychichawniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
chakatasqanchik	None
wañuyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
raphraykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watuyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
sinchiyayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
yaqullaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
lliphlliyniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
anchachasqanki	None
pantayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
k'anchaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
marq'aykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
wanunwan	Possession by 3.sg
phutiyniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
much'ayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hakunnaq	None
puchkayniyman	Possession by 1.sg
allasqanku	None
saksayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
kayta	None
wamphuykama	Possession by 1.sg
p'ampannaq	None
watyaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
yanayninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chukunchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sayk'uyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayqiykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
grasyaykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinchi	None
sat'iyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mallkinkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
rutuna	None
rutulla	None
churpusqaniku	None
wallpayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisiyninku	Possession by 3.pl
qaraykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
hark'ankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
ispaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
churana	None
hark'ankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
quyawan	None
wanuykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
q'imiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
suyayniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uyayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
huqarinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
huñuq	None
ispanchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanuykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikuchina	None
pachanka	None
chinkayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisiyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
llullachun	None
sutinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
thitiykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
wachayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
ruphayykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asnayniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
layqaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
imakunata	None
k'uychiykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watan	None
hunk'aykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
kapuynintin	None
kay	None
chuqinkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
uhupi	None
q'ipinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
chuntaykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pantayninkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
amahawichunchu	None
achinku	None
utqay	None
paqarniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chaninchasqa	None
ninayayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
yupananlla	Possession by 3.sg
qapariyniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
allquykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychaykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
runanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
pukllasqa	None
yañayniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
amapallaychikchu	None
phurukunata	None
sutinlla	Possession by 3.sg
phawayniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
yupananka	None
ispaykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chuqinkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
turiypura	Possession by 1.sg
aycha	None
rak'iyniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
pampa	None
runapi	None
wamp'uyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
chakinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chanchasqanchik	None
qaqahina	None
ch'unkuyman	Possession by 1.sg
ullantayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apiykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallarin	None
kutayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tuqtunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kukayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llakiyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
yupankinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
tarpuyniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukllayninta	Possession by 3.sg
humint'anchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
punaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
paqarniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
ispankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
marq'aykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rak'iyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
t'antaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
q'imiy	Possession by 1.sg
pirqapi	None
kutayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
lliphlliyniy	Possession by 1.sg
ayllup	None
machayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
man	None
yapuy	None
usannaq	None
mamankunap	Possession by 3.sg
tamyaypa	Possession by 1.sg
layqankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
tupuy	Possession by 1.sg
miraymanta	None
taskiyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
achiwaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
kututuypi	Possession by 1.sg
sunqunkama	Possession by 3.sg
rankhiykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
suruqch'inkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
much'ayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
kachan	None
chinkayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tariy	None
llikllaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
kutita	None
illapaykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
amachayninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
unquyniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispayki	Possession by 2.sg
lliphllinlla	Possession by 3.sg
chakuq	None
sutinhina	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqaykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
utqayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qispichiyniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
antankankupa	Possession by 3.pl
phawayniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
phutiykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
yañayniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
chinkaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
chumpinchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mink'ayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
ch'arancharqanku	None
yarqayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
wichayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
achachinta	Possession by 3.sg
phutiyniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
puchkakuna	None
suyukunamanta	None
makinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
rantikuyninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'aykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayrampuykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
phinkiyniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
tantaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'iturqaniku	None
allayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
harawinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hayt'aykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'aykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
amapisipachunchu	None
aqhankurayku	Possession by 3.pl
huqariykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'ayniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
liwruykama	Possession by 1.sg
ikmaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
much'ankulla	Possession by 3.pl
illaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
phurunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitmayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
kichankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
inkillniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aysay	None
paskaylla	Possession by 1.sg
takaq	None
ispana	None
akllaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suk'anhina	Possession by 3.sg
khallkiyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
takukunahina	None
wamphuykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
tikaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
kuyurqani	None
munaspa	None
k'anchanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kanayninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
karru	None
apaykuq	None
llikllakunata	None
apanquraykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
humint'aykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuyninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
mitmayniyman	Possession by 1.sg
khuyankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
yachakuqniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
turiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
sayariyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ichhuyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
iqharqanki	None
ninayayninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
phallchankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
yuyayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tupakuna	None
tarpuyninintin	Possession by 3.sg
suti	None
machayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
muyanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'anchakunaman	None
sinq'ayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
kawsaypaq	None
mallinkunka	Possession by 3.pl
yuriykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
paqtanchik	None
qaralla	None
k'anchaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
takiykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
hakunkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
llasanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chapinnasqanku	None
ch'iwkachirqan	None
liwrunchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'achaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
yawarta	None
kanqaku	None
kuchuna	None
tikaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayniylla	Possession by 1.sg
yanuspa	None
t'aqanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hunk'ankukama	Possession by 3.pl
rimanku	None
chahchasaq	None
llasakunanka	None
taytaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
kani	None
suruqch'inkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
supin	None
qusiykintin	Possession by 2.sg
taskiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
usanchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamp'uykunata	Possession by 1.sg
t'itunqa	None
q'apayniykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
tantaykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
much'aykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
sinq'aykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
killaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
apanqurankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
apikama	None
wach'iyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
apakamurqanki	None
khachuykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
anchaykachasqankichik	None
ñiyniykita	Possession by 2.sg
khatayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wachayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
pisqunchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ankaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
antankankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
sayariyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rikunki	None
k'anchakunapaq	None
phuyuyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
wichayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
rurasqan	None
qhichwaman	None
sinq'aykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
kusimanta	None
asipayayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaqtakunap	None
khallkinkupura	Possession by 3.pl
uturunkuykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aysayman	None
sukhaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
punapi	None
kunkanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puqusqaniku	None
tapuy	None
yaqullaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tampunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
allpata	None
k'uychichawpura	None
qarankuman	Possession by 3.pl
sukaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hip'ichun	None
paniy	Possession by 1.sg
p'uchquyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
ichhuyniywan	Possession by 1.sg
mitk'ankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
kutiyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
runankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
kapuyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
amahat'allichunkuchu	None
sayayninkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
wañukunawan	None
yuriykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
uhunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
riq	None
akllankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kunkankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
yuyayki	Possession by 2.sg
lliphlliykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchkayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
qarayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
sutinchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hankaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
qaranta	Possession by 3.sg
qasaq	None
chaskikunantin	None
ninayayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
hamusqa	None
saruyninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
wanakuykipa	Possession by 2.sg
marq'aykuna	Possession by 1.sg
sumayninkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
qapariyniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tapuq	None
tupuykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
ripuwlikaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
unquyniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
huñuy	None
rantiyniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
wakilla	None
ispaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
ch'askachawniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
qusipaq	None
aqhayarqanchik	None
kallpayninkukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
ayrampunrayku	Possession by 3.sg
t'aqanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñannin	Possession by 3.sg
yaqullaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sukaykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
qapariyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
puquyniypa	Possession by 1.sg
turin	Possession by 3.sg
ruru	None
chukunkuman	Possession by 3.pl
kichaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
inkillninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
hankaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
phinkiyninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuntankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
raphraykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
phukuna	None
anqusana	None
sukanqaku	None
allqukunapi	None
pirwakunanka	None
chapakurqanki	None
takisqaniku	None
hunt'asaqku	None
tarirqan	None
chanqiyani	None
mitmaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sutin	Possession by 3.sg
urqukunapi	None
hakunpi	Possession by 3.sg
challaykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
hunt'ayniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
amatutayaychikchu	None
kanayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqyaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
killachawniypa	Possession by 1.sg
asiyninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
ñust'akunaman	None
wiqinkuman	Possession by 3.pl
paqarninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
wanayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
watunkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
waturqanki	None
kaypaq	None
kayniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
kunkaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
suyruykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
mamaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pitukunapura	None
ayrampunwan	Possession by 3.sg
yañaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
chuqinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
sutita	None
thuñinkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
ayrampunpa	Possession by 3.sg
maman	Possession by 3.sg
achhiyninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
achhiyninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
uyayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
ch'unkuykihina	Possession by 2.sg
simanapi	None
chirisqanki	None
ch'arkisqankichik	None
t'aqanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pararqanku	None
urmarqankichik	None
q'iminkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
manqurayku	None
malliykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
wamrap	None
khuyaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
simp'anchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullantayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
puchka	None
chiqnikurqanku	None
challwaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
rankhinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
quwiykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
chantayykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
rit'iykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mamanpa	Possession by 3.sg
sat'iyniypa	Possession by 1.sg
wasiykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
hanaqmanta	None
sutiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsayninpi	Possession by 3.sg
llamankunka	Possession by 3.pl
rumikuna	None
qusiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
rurasqankichik	None
wayrachinankupa	Possession by 3.pl
raphikunamanta	None
wayrachinaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
makinkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
quyllurniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kumuyku	None
khallkiyninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
khallkinkama	Possession by 3.sg
qisanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitmarqankichik	None
ninaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
takankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
tampunchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hunt'ayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chanqaykuni	None
llaqwaqninkama	Possession by 3.sg
phallchankuman	Possession by 3.pl
sallayta	Possession by 1.sg
achachiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
sumayninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
aynirqan	None
chantasqa	None
rantiyninkukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
hark'aykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rak'iyninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
amawiñaychikchu	None
ch'illchichiychik	None
amach'iqichichunkuchu	None
pakayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
chinkayninka	Possession by 1.sg
tutayachun	None
chantayykichik	Possession by 2.pl
chaskiywan	Possession by 1.sg
allquchaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
sutinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
mitmayniykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hankanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raphraykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
millaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khuchi	None
awsayninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
lluqsinkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
kunayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'ipiman	None
inkillninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
p'uchquyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
t'ikranpa	Possession by 3.sg
much'ayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
ayllunkuna	Possession by 3.sg
achachinkulla	Possession by 3.pl
bahani	None
unquyninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
chukuykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kañaylla	Possession by 1.sg
chuqi	None
liwrunta	Possession by 3.sg
wanakuykipura	Possession by 2.sg
aychakunakama	None
marq'ankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
atillchankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
umapi	None
hankaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
yupankiykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
mit'ankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
Dyusninpi	Possession by 3.sg
q'imiyninhina	Possession by 3.sg
chaskinchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huñuchisqaniku	None
achiwaykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
llaqwaqninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
ch'uspaykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
allayninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
kutiyninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupaychayninman	Possession by 3.sg
yurakunamanta	None
llaqwayniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
yuriyninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
ninayasaqku	None
paqtayninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
qhawanqa	None
aspirqanku	None
tusuyniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
churiykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
yarqayniykinka	Possession by 2.sg
p'ampankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
mitmayniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aqhaypi	Possession by 1.sg
yachayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
achanqarayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
rit'iykilla	Possession by 2.sg
runakuna	None
ischuchayku	None
takinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
killachawwan	None
rankhinkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
aysayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qataykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
killachawniy	Possession by 1.sg
punankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
llakiyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
yuriykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupaychaymanta	None
pichayninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
pirwaywan	Possession by 1.sg
allquchayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
qisayhina	Possession by 1.sg
wañuyninman	Possession by 3.sg
raqachaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mikhuna	None
tarpuyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'ayniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qulla	None
urmakunapura	None
wanup	None
sayayninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ninayayniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yañata	None
sinq'ayniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khuyaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
sipiq	None
k'uychiykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
mink'ayniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
puchkayniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
maqayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
rikuriyninpa	Possession by 3.sg
amananaychikchu	None
uyayninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
mikhuy	None
amaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hatarinchik	None
punkunchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sayayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
atiq	None
akllanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huqarisqaniku	None
mink'aykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
t'impuyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
hakuykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
ñanniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
wañuykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychichawninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phawayninkukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
yachakuqninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
t'impuyniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
yupawan	None
phuyuyniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
achanqarayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñiyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
thupani	None
watuyniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikch'ayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yanayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
k'anchayninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruruykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
qichuspa	None
thitinkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
simanaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
simp'ankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
khallkiykinka	Possession by 2.sg
pikchuykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
tukuchirqankichik	None
kanchik	None
tusuyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
asipayaykunannaq	None
t'antanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyu	None
inti	None
tusuyninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallanqa	None
yanayniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asipayayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
mayllaypura	None
allquykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
rikuriyninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
akllay	Possession by 1.sg
hip'isqanki	None
kunkaykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
yuramanta	None
kinwankunalla	Possession by 3.sg
antankaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
intichawninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
chahchan	None
paskanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
sipirqan	None
kanayniykama	Possession by 1.sg
kapuyninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
arphayaspa	None
wallpapaq	None
llallinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
api	None
wach'iyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
kinwaykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
grasyalla	None
qhawayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
wathiyarqanki	None
takiyniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
ñañaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wayllurayku	None
simp'aykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
liwruykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
pukllayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
ruraqniykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
siqsinkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
ch'uspaykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamk'anakuna	None
chankanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
hark'aykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
amatani	None
tamyanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmankunalla	Possession by 3.sg
q'uchunchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anqilkunata	None
liwruykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
sisaykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
muyu	None
tipiykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
achanqaraykunata	None
tampunkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
ankanpa	Possession by 3.sg
puchkaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
sunqukunap	None
takachunku	None
yapayniyman	Possession by 1.sg
aysasqaniku	None
wawan	Possession by 3.sg
wallpayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tiksinki	None
ayrampuykunata	Possession by 1.sg
qisaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
pirqankuman	Possession by 3.pl
llaqwayninintin	Possession by 3.sg
sinchiyayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
taskiykuna	Possession by 1.sg
asipayaypi	None
ñawinchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'aykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'ayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phallchaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
q'uchuykuna	Possession by 1.sg
ayniyniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
thitinchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ikmanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuqiykita	Possession by 2.sg
wanakuykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
ikmaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
yuriyninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tupaq	None
kaynin	Possession by 3.sg
mikhunannaq	None
wach'inchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asipayayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
qarachunku	None
tanqasunchik	None
samayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
apakapurqan	None
quyllurninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
q'awata	None
yupanaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
phuyuyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ripuwlikaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
antankakunapaq	None
ñanninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
chantayykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khatankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
ichhunankukama	Possession by 3.pl
qarayniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
q'apayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kutipakunqa	None
makimanta	None
millankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
haywayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
waqtankupa	Possession by 3.pl
hamanq'ayyki	Possession by 2.sg
yuriypura	Possession by 1.sg
waqtanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqakunata	None
chahcharqanchik	None
ch'unkunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suk'ankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
atillchaykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
raqachanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
upyaspa	None
llakiyninta	Possession by 3.sg
t'ikrankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
pikchuykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
allpankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
kachikunahina	None
saphiykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawqinkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
sukhantin	None
achhiyninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
yañarayku	None
yupaychayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaqwaqninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hakunkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
yupananchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ikaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
akllayta	Possession by 1.sg
yuyayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
thatkiykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
sapawan	None
qallunkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
ch'askachawkunakama	None
wayrachinaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
uruyaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
ruphachin	None
samanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuyayninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqananhina	Possession by 3.sg
waqyanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yanayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
qillqanankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
wiñay	None
k'uychiykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
hunk'anlla	Possession by 3.sg
lliphllinkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
llasankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
paqtaypa	None
pallanpa	Possession by 3.sg
kallpayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
maqayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
haytarakunki	None
yañanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'imiyniykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
p'achankuta	Possession by 3.pl
amatuytuychikchu	None
sukaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
killapi	None
munayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
paskaykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
waqayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
llaqtanpi	Possession by 3.sg
urmaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
intikunap	None
allpaqaykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wathiyaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kutasqa	None
waylluykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
tantankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
layqaykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
pukaraypaq	Possession by 1.sg
sayasqani	None
paqariyniykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuyayniykipi	Possession by 2.sg
rutunchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
unquyniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
kuntur	None
munayniy	Possession by 1.sg
wañuyninkama	Possession by 3.sg
kawsayniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
phaqsachunku	None
munayniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
ch'ipchikunaman	None
chahraysinqa	None
runayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
siminpi	Possession by 3.sg
atipachawniyman	Possession by 1.sg
illankukama	Possession by 3.pl
qapariyninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
llaqtaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
masqan	None
pantayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
chullunki	None
rutuykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qullqinkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
phinkiyninta	Possession by 3.sg
saphinchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simanantin	None
achanqarayniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqyaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
chahrachayku	None
yarpay	None
k'anchaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
t'impuyninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
suyakuyykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hakuykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
tapuna	None
yupaychayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
challaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
qaranchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
muyuq	None
simanankunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
p'uyñuykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
patachaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
illapanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runakunata	None
ch'ipchiykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
yarpayninpi	Possession by 3.sg
samanhina	Possession by 3.sg
iñini	None
kusiyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kichankunata	Possession by 3.sg
llakiyniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
killaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apiykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
tupayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
parapi	None
aysayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
saruykunapi	None
llallisunchik	None
ullpunchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurnininka	Possession by 3.sg
ayllun	Possession by 3.sg
qillqaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
thitiykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
apanquraykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
pach'ankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
parankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
tusurqankichik	None
kallpayniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sunqunkuna	Possession by 3.sg
chikchinka	None
sinq'ankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
waqachina	None
llasanpi	Possession by 3.sg
yarqayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
ch'aranchasqanki	None
marq'aykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uyanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
yanapasqanchik	None
k'uychichawniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
mayllayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
manquykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
yupi	None
atillchanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
amamillaychu	None
simp'aykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
ayqiykinka	Possession by 2.sg
nanayniykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
willasqa	None
yachakuqkunawan	None
kaykunata	None
Dyusninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
sallakunannaq	None
munayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watukuyniykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
ichhunaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
ninayayninintin	Possession by 3.sg
p'uyñuykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
paqariyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
yarpayninman	Possession by 3.sg
saphiykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
qalluykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
kayninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
usankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
amarimachichunkuchu	None
ñañaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
q'iwiyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
atilchaq	None
suyrunku	Possession by 3.pl
wawanta	Possession by 3.sg
atiyninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
tikaykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rurasqa	None
llaqtaman	None
phinkiypa	None
paraykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
wallpayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
thuqay	None
kunturniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sukankunap	Possession by 3.sg
saksayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
samaspa	None
llaqwaqninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puñuychik	None
humint'ankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
killaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
awanaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
qallariynin	Possession by 3.sg
supaykunannaq	None
llamaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
wayrachinankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
urpiykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
hakunkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
qillqanankukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
llamk'ananchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phuruykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
yañayninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'aykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amaamañaychikchu	None
llamk'anankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ayniyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
wallpaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
chayarqaniku	None
t'ikaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kurakayhina	Possession by 1.sg
musquyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwanchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sukhaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
yawarniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
t'ustuyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
armaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
k'uychichawniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yarqurqanchik	None
kapuyniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
chumpiykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
wayrachinankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
tiyanankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
tuqtunintin	Possession by 3.sg
mamaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
quyllurchawniypi	Possession by 1.sg
q'uchu	None
chaskinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
aqhaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
ch'ipchiykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hat'ansillana	None
pallaynkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
achiwanpura	Possession by 3.sg
illapachawniykita	Possession by 2.sg
millayta	Possession by 1.sg
yuyan	Possession by 3.sg
ñukñukunawan	None
taskipura	None
ñiyniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illankunka	Possession by 3.pl
sayayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
yayakuna	None
qispichiyninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hallmasqa	None
maqanakunku	None
sallaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ninayayninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
rantin	None
khallkiynin	Possession by 3.sg
kañasqanku	None
illaykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
asipayayniykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
pakayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
t'impuyniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'imiyniykukunapi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tusuyninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
chumpinkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
sisanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sutiyki	Possession by 2.sg
amahallpaychu	None
tusuq	None
waqayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
saruyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
suyukuna	None
hankankunka	Possession by 3.pl
thatkinkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
waqaykunakama	None
paqtayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
kunturniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
khallkiykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
p'unchawninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
q'ipiykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
rampanqaku	None
ch'askachawniyman	Possession by 1.sg
haywasqanchik	None
chuqinchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rak'inchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamp'uyninpa	Possession by 3.sg
wallpayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
yupaychayniyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikurqanchik	None
yañayninta	Possession by 3.sg
munayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
waqayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachachiqkunap	None
khachunqa	None
mitmaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
chiqa	None
wanayninka	None
suyakuynkuta	Possession by 3.pl
wanakuykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
rikuriyniykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
sukanwan	Possession by 3.sg
q'iwiyniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yupanankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
tampunkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
qarapi	None
q'uchunkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
arma	None
tupayniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kunanqa	None
llamk'anayhina	Possession by 1.sg
riqsiykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urqumanta	None
lliphlliyman	Possession by 1.sg
qarankukama	Possession by 3.pl
qaranwan	Possession by 3.sg
khuyaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
chumpiychik	None
hankanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kusiyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
wak'apaq	None
llaqtanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khatanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amaasnaychu	None
waylluykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
hakunchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wach'ip	None
munaykunantin	None
arikunapura	None
waylluykichik	Possession by 2.pl
ikmankukama	Possession by 3.pl
t'impuyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
patachaykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
chawpichasqanku	None
chaskinmanta	Possession by 3.sg
yupa	None
q'imiyninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
intiykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
wiksaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
marq'ankuman	Possession by 3.pl
turinkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
wawanpa	Possession by 3.sg
tupunkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
qispichiyniywan	Possession by 1.sg
hawkasqa	None
qusi	None
rikch'ayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqankupura	Possession by 3.pl
taskiyhina	Possession by 1.sg
achhiyninwan	Possession by 3.sg
putiykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
ruk'ukama	None
unquyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
wanay	None
llikllaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
yachakuy	None
phinkiyninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wiksankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
willarqan	None
kututunchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukllayniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
takiyninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
millaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
t'ikaywan	Possession by 1.sg
t'aqaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
waqayniywan	Possession by 1.sg
pukllana	None
atiymanta	None
puchkanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
ayllupi	None
grasyanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
achiwaykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
armankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
lluqsiykichik	Possession by 2.pl
llasaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qharikuna	None
t'ikaypura	Possession by 1.sg
humint'api	None
yupanaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
qusinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
killanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tupuykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
amakichaychu	None
llamk'anakunarayku	None
tamyaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
puchkankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
q'apinchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amuyaychik	None
uturunkunkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
machaypura	None
runanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asurqaniku	None
uyarispa	None
samankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
hampina	None
hark'ayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
kuyuna	None
rikuriyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
wachanqa	None
qaranrayku	Possession by 3.sg
achiwankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
raymita	None
waylluna	None
watuyninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasayninlla	Possession by 3.sg
kunturniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
rikuriyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hamun	None
pikchunchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
saruyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chawayninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
q'ipinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watana	None
makinkulla	Possession by 3.pl
wach'iyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
allpanrayku	Possession by 3.sg
rikch'ayninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
ch'uyanchaq	None
kapuyniykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
yurakunata	None
munayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
qarayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
tiyana	None
wanakuykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yaqullaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
yañaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muyusqan	None
q'awaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
k'anchanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullantayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
ninayayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
manqunkulla	Possession by 3.pl
siminkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
illapaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
chunta	None
usanman	Possession by 3.sg
uturunkuykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phutiyniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
asllayachinki	None
q'awankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
qallunkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
llamk'anaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wamrata	None
makiykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
ullpunchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
taskinchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
antiman	None
qalluykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chinkakapusqanki	None
wanayninnaq	None
llaqtankulla	Possession by 3.pl
tusuyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mink'aykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taka	None
paqariq	None
chakiman	None
wayrachinankunap	Possession by 3.sg
chuntaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
maqanakuspa	None
liwrunkuman	Possession by 3.pl
maqaykama	None
wiksanpi	Possession by 3.sg
qillqaykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hayt'anchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huchakunapura	None
ichhunaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
amaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
parlayniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
suruqch'inkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
wamphuykihina	Possession by 2.sg
wamp'uykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llimphinkichik	None
haywayniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
amachimpachiychikchu	None
hamanq'ayykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tikankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
llasayninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
khachuykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ch'unkuykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
qillqanaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
chawpichasqa	None
mamankulla	Possession by 3.pl
much'aykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
chawpikunakama	None
rawrayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
llakiyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
puchkayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
puchkaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
ichhuyninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khachunchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
pachaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
chankaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
simp'ankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
raphraykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
yuyanwan	Possession by 3.sg
chumpiykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
wanayniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
hunt'ayniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sukhahina	None
watuyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
tamyankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
yuriykunap	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
kinaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
suk'ayninka	Possession by 1.sg
riqsinkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
ñit'iyninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allichasaqku	None
yupakunap	None
saksasqaniku	None
rawrayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
runankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
chuntanwan	Possession by 3.sg
rantikuyninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
atipaykinka	Possession by 2.sg
sisaykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
hunp'isqani	None
pirqakunapura	None
kututunkunka	Possession by 3.pl
ichhunankunka	Possession by 3.pl
ankaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
pachantin	None
mañachunku	None
aymurayninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhichwankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
qarayninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
yaqullankukama	Possession by 3.pl
wamp'ukunalla	None
qawaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
apipaq	None
chinkakapunku	None
killanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayninkunapaq	Possession by 3.sg
tutapi	None
challa	None
llakiyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
unquyniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
sumayniypaq	Possession by 1.sg
yupankinkuna	Possession by 3.sg
pakayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
riqsiyninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
tarpuyniykinka	Possession by 2.sg
samankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
kawsayninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
ch'uyayachirqanki	None
puriy	None
kutayniyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
q'apinchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qawanku	Possession by 3.pl
pichayninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sayarirqan	None
manquykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
may	None
takankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
allquchakunahina	None
tantanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
p'unchawninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
k'uychiykikama	Possession by 2.sg
pakay	None
khachunkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
ch'ipchiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llallinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
sayariyninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
phawayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
ispaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
hark'ayniykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
huñinki	None
mamayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhawayninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
samankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
rantikuyniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
churiykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mitmanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'uchquyniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
kumurqani	None
atiykunahina	None
t'ikanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kañayhina	Possession by 1.sg
ñawinchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutiyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yachakurqan	None
aychanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'awanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llikllanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
maqanakuq	None
ninayayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
rawrayninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanakunta	Possession by 3.sg
punaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
pisqunchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wawaykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watusunchik	None
rirpunchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muyuyniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ch'iqtasaq	None
k'uychichawninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
iskaychachunku	None
anqilninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
chaski	None
apanquranintin	Possession by 3.sg
yawarniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pusana	None
parlayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
wantuykama	Possession by 1.sg
challwani	None
takiykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khatahina	None
raqachaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
rakinintin	Possession by 3.sg
k'uychichawniyta	Possession by 1.sg
ruraqninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
puchkaykunata	Possession by 1.sg
huqariykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaraykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
kunasqankichik	None
askhayachiyku	None
kunkapaq	None
amachayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
laranqa	None
q'awanku	Possession by 3.pl
watukuyninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
layqankukunata	Possession by 3.pl
yachakuqniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tantakunata	None
uyayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
allayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
amaallpanachunchu	None
samantin	None
hunt'ayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
uturunkuykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
yupanankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
phuruykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhaway	None
pirwaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
wallpaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
aqhaykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapachawniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pallan	Possession by 3.sg
kanayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
qichuy	None
maqayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uyayniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qullqiykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
siqsikunantin	None
q'iminchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muchuyninkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
ch'askachawniy	Possession by 1.sg
thuñiykunap	Possession by 1.sg
amachayninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sisaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
marq'aykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
killa	None
ichin	None
sinchiyayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
unquyniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
yuyay	Possession by 1.sg
ususinkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
waqay	None
llakinnaq	None
sallaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
mamanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raphrankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
t'aqaykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qullqiykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
wamp'uyninkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
karruypaq	Possession by 1.sg
pallaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
qispichiyniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
sinq'aykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
parlayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hankayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hat'allisqa	None
k'anchayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
amaanschuykunakuychu	None
chawayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
llallisqa	None
usaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ñanniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
wathiyanchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtaykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punkuykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
millankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
liwruykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
samaykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
rutuykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
watyanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
samay	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychiykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
amairqiyaychikchu	None
kutasaq	None
saman	Possession by 3.sg
pachap	None
kinakama	None
yuyaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
raphrakunapaq	None
pakayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
huchanpa	Possession by 3.sg
hamut'anqa	None
chuqinkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
hawiyninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amachanqaykukuychikchu	None
wakintin	None
allayrayku	None
khallkiyniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chiriyachinqaku	None
rak'inpi	Possession by 3.sg
asipayayninman	Possession by 3.sg
yurinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
wayrachinakuna	None
kayninchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yañaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
ñit'iyniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
patachaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
sukhankunapi	Possession by 3.sg
q'ipinninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
yupanaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
amaqishyaychikchu	None
kunayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
wantuykipa	Possession by 2.sg
ripuwlikaykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
patachakunap	None
tusuyniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
layqaywan	Possession by 1.sg
wamphuykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
samayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khachuykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
yañayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
kinwaykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
rak'iyniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
khallkiyniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
tarpuyninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wampuykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mayllarqani	None
marq'ankuta	Possession by 3.pl
khuyasqaniku	None
awan	None
wiqiykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayqiyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'uchuykiman	Possession by 2.sg
kusirqaniku	None
sayariyninpura	Possession by 3.sg
pisiyniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
rikuchiyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
churichakunqa	None
llamamanta	None
apaq	None
kunturninintin	Possession by 3.sg
ñit'iyniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
k'allampankunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
kayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
wanakuykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
tapuspa	None
khatanchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
armaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
quq	None
wawqiykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
atirqan	None
munayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
unquykunamanta	None
humint'aychik	None
urmanku	Possession by 3.pl
llakiyninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
suyakuyyninka	Possession by 1.sg
allpankukama	Possession by 3.pl
yapayninkukunaman	Possession by 3.pl
llikllanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
much'aykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'ipiypi	Possession by 1.sg
rak'iyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
much'ayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
urqupi	None
sat'iyninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
armata	None
aqhaykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
muchuyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
antankaykumanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qhichwata	None
awana	None
waylluykilla	Possession by 2.sg
allpaman	None
allayniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
qhawayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
urqukunamanta	None
ñiyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwaqniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
p'achaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'awan	None
khachuykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
usachisqan	None
rikuriyniykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
huchaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
allayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
munayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
umallinkupa	Possession by 3.pl
wach'iyniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
armapura	None
mallinkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
waylluykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mit'akunahina	None
huchaykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tipiykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
phutiyninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mitk'arqanku	None
ayrampuykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
rantikuyninkunapi	Possession by 3.sg
llaqwaqniykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aquchana	None
maskhasqanku	None
kinaykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
utqayninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
llasayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñukñukunakama	None
rikuchiyninlla	Possession by 3.sg
wallpayninkama	Possession by 3.sg
allpayta	Possession by 1.sg
takiyninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
runankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
inkill	None
paqarniykita	Possession by 2.sg
llalliykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ñañaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
inkillniykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
ch'ipchiykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
allwinkichik	None
pach'aykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wathiyaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
larachunku	None
pukllayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
ullantaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
urmapaq	None
puquyniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yurankukama	Possession by 3.pl
grasyaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
punkunkukama	Possession by 3.pl
takinman	Possession by 3.sg
inkillninlla	Possession by 3.sg
wichayta	None
sunqunkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
simikunata	None
ch'askachawninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
wañunkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
sayariyninman	Possession by 3.sg
ch'askachawninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simananintin	Possession by 3.sg
nanayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
hunk'aykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
muchuy	None
rankhiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
qillqanku	Possession by 3.pl
t'ustuyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watasqa	None
musphayykunap	Possession by 1.sg
wanakuykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
mitmakunapi	None
taripayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
yachakuqkunapaq	None
allinchasqa	None
rikuchiyniykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
rikch'ayninkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
kunkaykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
khipukamayuqniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rurunqa	None
atipanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukaraykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achhiyninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
yurata	None
hankahina	None
rit'iykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muchuyniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
runaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
kayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
mallinkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
llakiyniywan	Possession by 1.sg
qaraykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
amatukuchiychikchu	None
muyusqanki	None
waqayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pisiyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
pichayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
llamk'anaykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
machayninchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uyanchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qapariyniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
uruyaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iyniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
quyllurninkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
unquy	None
sutiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
mitmaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
chukunkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
kurakanchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ichhunaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
mitmanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
illapachawninchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allqunninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
kunkalla	None
watyayman	Possession by 1.sg
yañayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
ch'illchichinchik	None
chimpanqa	None
pirwa	None
taripayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
kusiyninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
qapariykunannaq	None
urmayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
punkuypa	Possession by 1.sg
simanapura	None
ch'uspankunantin	Possession by 3.sg
yaqullaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
alayrichisqankichik	None
ichhunankukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
pituykiman	Possession by 2.sg
chayanpunqa	None
saksayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
yupaychana	None
taskiykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
sutinchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
atipachawniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kukanchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qapariyninchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pantayninchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amahallp'iychikchu	None
antankayta	Possession by 1.sg
sinq'ayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
thuñiykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
challaman	None
ch'unkuykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
mikhunalla	None
ikmaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
llama	None
punaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
rankhinku	Possession by 3.pl
parachun	None
hark'ayninchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
samaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
hamurqaniku	None
runayman	Possession by 1.sg
q'uchuykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
akllaykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
q'imikuspa	None
yachachiqninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yuyaq	None
antimanta	None
much'ayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
allpaykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
tupuyniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
wañuyniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
illapaykilla	Possession by 2.sg
pallaynchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukllarqan	None
yuyanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tuqtunkupa	Possession by 3.pl
umalliykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychap	None
yañayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
usankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
apamurqaniku	None
yañayninkuhina	Possession by 3.pl
llaqwaqninwan	Possession by 3.sg
pach'aykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
rutuspa	None
tiyanku	None
kallpayniykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
ñawpa	None
intiykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
challwanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
takiyninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yurinkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
uyankuna	Possession by 3.sg
phutiyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
riqsinchikkunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
Dyusniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
apamusqa	None
phallchanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chanqaykuchunku	None
kana	None
qatalla	None
yupanaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
qullparqanku	None
yarpayninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rimachina	None
qhawayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
suk'ankukunawan	Possession by 3.pl
simanankuna	Possession by 3.sg
kichanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
kukaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
allpaqanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'uchquyniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqaqhawapasqani	None
hark'ayniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ayqiyniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
taytakunanka	None
ayniyninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
thatkiykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
ayrampuykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñisqa	None
machayniykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phuyuykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
k'anchasqanku	None
pallankunakama	Possession by 3.sg
q'imiyman	Possession by 1.sg
lliphlliyniykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
huqariykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kusiyninhina	Possession by 3.sg
chutaychik	None
wañuykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
runawan	None
chakiykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
hat'allirqan	None
ruphayypa	Possession by 1.sg
Dyuswan	None
yurinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'utini	None
wiksaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
kallpayninku	Possession by 3.pl
wiqikunantin	None
rirpunkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
kallpayniyninka	Possession by 1.sg
willaqmanta	None
yañayninkukama	Possession by 3.pl
llamkasqa	None
amachayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wamphunwan	Possession by 3.sg
antankanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rirpuykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
ch'irwarqani	None
wathiyankunka	Possession by 3.pl
kanayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
apanquranchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tampuykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
tupuykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
wiksankunawan	Possession by 3.sg
wawa	None
atipanakuna	None
ayniykichikkunantin	Possession by 2.pl
thitiykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
qincharqanku	None
qullqiykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
saphikunapaq	None
lluqsiy	Possession by 1.sg
huñuysiq	None
humint'ankunata	Possession by 3.sg
kanayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
waylluykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
amaykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
phallchankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
yunkapi	None
atipachawninkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
rurasaqku	None
paninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutiyninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
phutinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'asqaniku	None
ayniyninkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
hunk'anpaq	Possession by 3.sg
qispiyniykipa	Possession by 2.sg
takiykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'aykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
anchachasaqku	None
yupanaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
mallki	None
sallqakunannaq	None
aymurayniykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
ari	None
llaqwaqninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
t'usturqanchik	None
wawakunapi	None
mamaykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
pach'aykipura	Possession by 2.sg
wanu	None
mikhunapaq	None
ususiyta	Possession by 1.sg
chichuyarqankichik	None
pallaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
rakinchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
akllaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
hampiq	None
qullamanta	None
ispayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suk'aykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
kutinnaq	None
rakipi	None
puquyninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allquchanpura	Possession by 3.sg
takiykunap	Possession by 1.sg
unquyninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chuntaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
uyaykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
qhichwaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
llikllanchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
killanchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pallaspa	None
illapachawninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'askachawninwan	Possession by 3.sg
urpikunakama	None
asiyniykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
ripuwlikankuwan	Possession by 3.pl
sayariykunapura	None
awsayninchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kunturninchikkunalla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yawarninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
liwrukuna	None
ususinchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pakayniykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
hakuykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
Dyusmanta	None
yupana	None
paraykikama	Possession by 2.sg
utqayninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rankhiywan	Possession by 1.sg
rutuykunata	Possession by 1.sg
phawayniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
raymiykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
sinq'ayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
rikuchiq	None
mink'ayniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
ch'uspanchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asipayayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
achiwaman	None
puchkayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
taskinman	Possession by 3.sg
rantikuyninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
wallpankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
mirayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
hunk'aykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
thatkiyku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanakunchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tantaykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
ch'aqchuychik	None
watyaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
watunkupaq	Possession by 3.pl
yawarninta	Possession by 3.sg
sukhanhina	Possession by 3.sg
qurqan	None
p'achankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
killaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
chincha	None
killachawniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rankhintin	None
khallkiykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
rirpuyta	Possession by 1.sg
pachakunapura	None
mitk'aykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
wanukunannaq	None
lluqsiypi	Possession by 1.sg
suyruykama	Possession by 1.sg
chankaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llaqwaqniy	Possession by 1.sg
wamp'uykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
suyakuynchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pachaykikama	Possession by 2.sg
rak'inkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
kañankunka	Possession by 3.pl
asiyninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simp'aykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sallaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
taripani	None
yupaychayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
simp'aykipa	Possession by 2.sg
parlayniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
uynikusqa	None
malliykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
wañunkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
milla	None
huhyarqani	None
hich'arqankichik	None
amuyarqanchik	None
uhunchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñaqch'ayman	Possession by 1.sg
rikuspa	None
llaqtakunaman	None
k'anchankupa	Possession by 3.pl
wallpayninchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinq'aykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
manqunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hark'aykintin	Possession by 2.sg
ayrampuykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
ruphaynman	Possession by 3.sg
takinlla	Possession by 3.sg
harawikuna	None
punkunkunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
achachintin	None
llallinkukunakama	Possession by 3.pl
runankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
thuqarqanki	None
suyakuynkukama	Possession by 3.pl
puñuna	None
atikaychik	None
urmayninintin	Possession by 3.sg
kanayniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
ariykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tiyaspa	None
killaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
chawayninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thatkiykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
tika	None
illapanta	Possession by 3.sg
simp'aykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikraykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
kallparqani	None
allpaykiman	Possession by 2.sg
ruruykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
hinalla	None
rikch'ayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wamp'uykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
rakin	Possession by 3.sg
pirqalla	None
thatki	None
ch'uspakunantin	None
lliphllinkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
kuchun	None
uyaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
yunkakunalla	None
allpaqaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asllayachisqaniku	None
unquyniykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ichhunanchikpa	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anqilniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
ch'atarqanchik	None
ukhupi	None
alawchasqa	None
khallkisqaniku	None
muyupi	None
awqakunapura	None
wach'irqan	None
muyuyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yapayniykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amachuhchuychikchu	None
huñuchispa	None
amachan	None
wiksanchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ch'ipurqaniku	None
phuyu	None
pakayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ispaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
ñawirinchik	None
huqarinku	Possession by 3.pl
achanqarayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
upakunamanta	None
intichawniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
pallarqanku	None
millaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
atipachikurqankichik	None
llaqwayniykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achhiyniykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
wanunkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
phutiyniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qillqasqa	None
siqsiykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
usayki	Possession by 2.sg
ullpuykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
sinq'aychik	None
runaynintin	Possession by 1.sg
sunqu	None
llalliyninka	Possession by 1.sg
pachaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
ñit'iyniykunap	Possession by 1.sg
watyaykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
pikchuyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
taskirayku	None
turiykipi	Possession by 2.sg
yanaparqan	None
kuraqpura	None
ñañakunamanta	None
llakiyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
huhyankichik	None
rak'iyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tiyanankupura	Possession by 3.pl
qusinchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suysusqaniku	None
awñisqan	None
sayk'uyniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
tiksikama	None
phuyuyninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
ichhunaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
runaypura	Possession by 1.sg
rawrasqankichik	None
armakuna	None
yawarniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
killachawniywan	Possession by 1.sg
rantikuyniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
watuykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
machaynin	Possession by 3.sg
illaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
hakuykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
q'apinkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
manqunchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ruraq	None
riqsiyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
allquchanninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
allpaqakunamanta	None
paqtayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
ñaqch'anpaq	Possession by 3.sg
khallkinrayku	Possession by 3.sg
wampuykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
llaqtankuna	Possession by 3.sg
llaqtakunapi	None
kunkankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
p'achakunawan	None
watuyninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
asnayku	None
unquylla	None
wamp'uyninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
runaykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
rantikuyninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
ñanninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pitunkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
uyayniykita	Possession by 2.sg
humint'arqankichik	None
wachayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'unchawniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
millayninwan	Possession by 3.sg
umallinchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rankhiykunata	Possession by 1.sg
putinchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uturunkuykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
muyuyniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
rakiykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
