întrevedeați	Second person Plural
contraveneau	Third person Plural
rătăci	Third person Singular
dezgropând	None
observasem	First person Singular
frământaserăți	Second person Plural
cumpăraseră	Third person Plural
refecăm	First person Plural
morților	None
comparare	None
decise	Third person Singular
fotoliilor	None
intri	Second person Singular
celebrau	Third person Plural
rozătoarele	None
spiritului	None
impuse	Third person Singular
simetricul	None
aplica	Third person Singular
șalului	None
serioșii	None
atacat	None
îngrijiseră	Third person Plural
sfârticăm	First person Plural
solari	None
apunea	Third person Singular
încercuiați	Second person Plural
sortise	Third person Singular
fuse	Third person Singular
sfulgerași	Second person Singular
căra	Third person Singular
depănăm	First person Plural
semnezi	Second person Singular
intranzitivilor	None
îndurau	Third person Plural
crescusem	First person Singular
înlesni	Third person Singular
apărau	Third person Plural
înlesnea	Third person Singular
purtăm	First person Plural
limpezeai	Second person Singular
somaseră	Third person Plural
zgăurau	Third person Plural
supăra	Third person Singular
adun	First person Singular
supuneau	Third person Plural
înfuriind	None
căută	Third person Singular
românesc	None
dansau	Third person Plural
reduceau	Third person Plural
nauruanului	None
întemeia	Third person Singular
învăța	Third person Singular
distrusei	First person Singular
prețuiau	Third person Plural
descheiaserăm	First person Plural
desfășași	Second person Singular
făleau	Third person Plural
violetă	None
cotropiseră	Third person Plural
automatelor	None
secul	None
înfigea	Third person Singular
gravitau	Third person Plural
ejaculare	None
jenară	Third person Plural
răspunsei	First person Singular
ieșiseră	Third person Plural
bășicase	Third person Singular
gardului	None
delimita	Third person Singular
făurii	First person Singular
încetau	Third person Plural
compus	None
nenorociților	None
problema	None
calculatorul	None
împăturiră	Third person Plural
trimiseseră	Third person Plural
spiritualul	None
dezbrăcași	Second person Singular
reuși	Third person Singular
anulez	First person Singular
busolă	None
îmbogățise	Third person Singular
trimiseserăm	First person Plural
impusese	Third person Singular
înfăptuise	Third person Singular
inteligenți	None
putrezi	Third person Singular
țesuse	Third person Singular
scremea	Third person Singular
izbiserăm	First person Plural
librarii	None
donez	First person Singular
materialistule	None
șoptise	Third person Singular
chema	Third person Singular
scrisei	First person Singular
gazelele	None
neașteptatele	None
impuseră	Third person Plural
proiectele	None
grindă	None
atentei	None
terestra	None
grapelor	None
plecă	Third person Singular
încetirăți	Second person Plural
gazase	Third person Singular
armean	None
dorim	First person Plural
chiflă	None
macabrul	None
asiguraseră	Third person Plural
pregătea	Third person Singular
ejaculaserăți	Second person Plural
vinzi	Second person Singular
acuzativul	None
zbârceați	Second person Plural
maltratară	Third person Plural
rătăceau	Third person Plural
pictau	Third person Plural
domniei	None
vorbi	Third person Singular
înscrii	Second person Singular
obligasem	First person Singular
odihnirăm	First person Plural
împuțirăți	Second person Plural
atent	None
retragem	First person Plural
adumbreai	Second person Singular
întreprinseseși	Second person Singular
busolelor	None
scufundase	Third person Singular
aiurăm	First person Plural
lebedele	None
luptase	Third person Singular
araseră	Third person Plural
cepei	None
izbim	First person Plural
înlocuiai	Second person Singular
batjocoriseși	Second person Singular
nimerea	Third person Singular
stimula	Third person Singular
scărpinăm	First person Plural
frizerului	None
înșira	Third person Singular
conduceau	Third person Plural
baza	Third person Singular
împerecheară	Third person Plural
scrise	Third person Singular
menținuseși	Second person Singular
rămaserăm	First person Plural
grapa	None
răcea	Third person Singular
învecinau	Third person Plural
pava	Third person Singular
inesteticul	None
înfăptui	Third person Singular
dăunarăm	First person Plural
încoronarăm	First person Plural
tehnologiile	None
numim	First person Plural
găsii	First person Singular
documentarăm	First person Plural
cutremurasem	First person Singular
colorata	None
înveți	Second person Singular
dormitasem	First person Singular
morții	None
mândrisem	First person Singular
cășunaserăm	First person Plural
anonimele	None
înscriseseră	Third person Plural
înnodaserăți	Second person Plural
nutri	Third person Singular
cotropise	Third person Singular
ascundeați	Second person Plural
mușcaseră	Third person Plural
amăgirăți	Second person Plural
mărturisiseră	Third person Plural
largul	None
încurajarăm	First person Plural
degerarăm	First person Plural
bananele	None
băteau	Third person Plural
cumpănise	Third person Singular
astronomiei	None
treci	Second person Singular
arunci	Second person Singular
coroziunea	None
supraviețuiau	Third person Plural
vorbești	Second person Singular
existaserăm	First person Plural
grădinile	None
gândi	Third person Singular
ierarhiei	None
înfrânezi	Second person Singular
intuia	Third person Singular
mărturiseau	Third person Plural
mucezi	None
urmăreau	Third person Plural
cucerea	Third person Singular
greșea	Third person Singular
recunoscuși	Second person Singular
mediocri	None
măcelarilor	None
zbârlise	Third person Singular
grecescului	None
umblaseră	Third person Plural
migdalii	None
tunasem	First person Singular
vizualizaserăți	Second person Plural
hrănii	First person Singular
compatriotule	None
instantaneul	None
reteza	Third person Singular
maltrată	Third person Singular
pățești	Second person Singular
căprițelor	None
munceau	Third person Plural
înneguraseră	Third person Plural
ridicau	Third person Plural
supusesem	First person Singular
compusese	Third person Singular
neguțase	Third person Singular
ponegreau	Third person Plural
gândeau	Third person Plural
înfățișa	Third person Singular
felului	None
îndemnau	Third person Plural
rușinasem	First person Singular
sacilor	None
universității	None
salut	First person Singular
răcoriseră	Third person Plural
însetezasem	First person Singular
mulserăm	First person Plural
echilibrul	None
deschiserăm	First person Plural
muncea	Third person Singular
bezmetic	None
viguroși	None
paturile	None
secundei	None
stăpânirăți	Second person Plural
cumpărăm	First person Plural
lebădă	None
căpățânoasa	None
utilizași	Second person Singular
astroidă	None
atroce	None
găsim	First person Plural
rezistențele	None
contrazicea	Third person Singular
omorâse	Third person Singular
îndepărtăm	First person Plural
tăcuseră	Third person Plural
nenorocisem	First person Singular
scap	First person Singular
tristeții	None
înjurase	Third person Singular
sărbători	Third person Singular
știa	Third person Singular
betoanelor	None
răzgândeați	Second person Plural
spulberară	Third person Plural
interveniseră	Third person Plural
prăsirăm	First person Plural
ațipeai	Second person Singular
sfeclirăm	First person Plural
născurăm	First person Plural
zărești	Second person Singular
insecuritatea	None
surda	None
suntem	First person Plural
zbicim	First person Plural
lipiseși	Second person Singular
zbieraserăți	Second person Plural
dezrădăcinezi	Second person Singular
străbăteau	Third person Plural
forfotiră	Third person Plural
mărunțiși	Second person Singular
susurat	None
bucur	First person Singular
introducând	None
ciunga	None
veșmintelor	None
profundă	None
tăind	None
bravul	None
rescriem	First person Plural
îmbogățea	Third person Singular
oglindeai	Second person Singular
adeveriră	Third person Plural
asemăna	Third person Singular
transformăm	First person Plural
librarule	None
clarific	First person Singular
săracii	None
amestec	First person Singular
micșoraserăți	Second person Plural
bănuiați	Second person Plural
lucrasem	First person Singular
intraseră	Third person Plural
sărea	Third person Singular
bazau	Third person Plural
futangiilor	None
desculți	Second person Singular
declinaseși	Second person Singular
nutreau	Third person Plural
însuflețeați	Second person Plural
fulgeraserăți	Second person Plural
sărez	First person Singular
păzeau	Third person Plural
porunciseși	Second person Singular
comunicăm	First person Plural
tâmpești	Second person Singular
buburuza	None
excursiile	None
aplaudat	None
storseseră	Third person Plural
lăcrimaseși	Second person Singular
făinoși	None
puricasem	First person Singular
semivocala	None
măcinasem	First person Singular
binarele	None
furnici	Second person Singular
foto-ul	None
urcând	None
piersici	Second person Singular
despărțirăm	First person Plural
țipa	Third person Singular
despica	Third person Singular
proștilor	None
histologice	None
stoarse	Third person Singular
prietenul	None
îngroparăm	First person Plural
prăbuși	Third person Singular
merita	Third person Singular
cernea	Third person Singular
activă	Third person Singular
obținuse	Third person Singular
sapi	Second person Singular
incompletul	None
rătăcisem	First person Singular
alegem	First person Plural
împăcaserăm	First person Plural
respirași	Second person Singular
hibernasem	First person Singular
dulgherului	None
funda	Third person Singular
reduce	Third person Singular
asimilaseși	Second person Singular
trăncănim	First person Plural
îmbunase	Third person Singular
înlături	Second person Singular
separaseră	Third person Plural
depăraserăți	Second person Plural
pretențioasă	None
emoționaseră	Third person Plural
caprele	None
împăcau	Third person Plural
găinile	None
liniștea	Third person Singular
fraudasem	First person Singular
lovim	First person Plural
ținti	Third person Singular
păcătuiră	Third person Plural
încredeați	Second person Plural
înnorezi	Second person Singular
frauda	Third person Singular
stăruiau	Third person Plural
aprinzi	Second person Singular
împărțeau	Third person Plural
fluierând	None
beli	Third person Singular
fixăm	First person Plural
portocaliu	None
sărau	Third person Plural
toc	First person Singular
culca	Third person Singular
suferințele	None
începuseră	Third person Plural
macacii	None
haliserăm	First person Plural
fur	First person Singular
pupase	Third person Singular
corupseseră	Third person Plural
jignii	First person Singular
roșeai	Second person Singular
sfătui	Third person Singular
semnat	None
sărbătoriseră	Third person Plural
umedă	None
bezmetica	None
ruginit	None
filamentosul	None
răsculaseră	Third person Plural
dezmeticiserăți	Second person Plural
sfințești	Second person Singular
rupseși	Second person Singular
înjosisem	First person Singular
disecaserăți	Second person Plural
taxiului	None
corciserăm	First person Plural
exagera	Third person Singular
cumpătării	None
coapselor	None
fericirăm	First person Plural
arzând	None
cunoșteau	Third person Plural
slăbiseră	Third person Plural
congelaserăți	Second person Plural
pătimim	First person Plural
înfumurase	Third person Singular
fusese	Third person Singular
rămaseră	Third person Plural
tânji	Third person Singular
deșiderară	Third person Plural
disponibile	None
evlavios	None
creștinism	None
găsea	Third person Singular
arteră	None
preoțești	Second person Singular
răceală	None
oftica	Third person Singular
influență	Third person Singular
șofranului	None
jenaseră	Third person Plural
vându	Third person Singular
scăldase	Third person Singular
fierăstruind	None
roșești	Second person Singular
declinaserăm	First person Plural
reluară	Third person Plural
macabrelor	None
înclinau	Third person Plural
dărâmau	Third person Plural
șoptim	First person Plural
încărcă	Third person Singular
sfâșiaseră	Third person Plural
agățași	Second person Singular
rumegași	Second person Singular
țesuseși	Second person Singular
cust	First person Singular
vorbeai	Second person Singular
săptămâna	None
aritmeticului	None
completă	Third person Singular
tamburină	None
certă	Third person Singular
plângi	Second person Singular
dușmănisem	First person Singular
anima	Third person Singular
întrerupsese	Third person Singular
despuseseși	Second person Singular
îndepărtez	First person Singular
amicițiilor	None
apăsași	Second person Singular
dublau	Third person Plural
dansat	None
scormonirăți	Second person Plural
căsători	Third person Singular
strig	First person Singular
meritau	Third person Plural
statistica	None
discordie	None
rupse	Third person Singular
nutrit	None
reintroducea	Third person Singular
mestecăm	First person Plural
apare	Third person Singular
înmânat	None
cromozomul	None
trădez	First person Singular
prelungea	Third person Singular
ghidarăm	First person Plural
sticla	None
subterană	None
naști	Second person Singular
opri	Third person Singular
săgetătorii	None
interfață	None
decădeai	Second person Singular
transpirăm	First person Plural
făcu	Third person Singular
rădăcinii	None
oprii	First person Singular
cioplise	Third person Singular
încurcarăm	First person Plural
mursecau	Third person Plural
licărit	None
glumeați	Second person Plural
arăduseseră	Third person Plural
excela	Third person Singular
prețuiseră	Third person Plural
dominaserăți	Second person Plural
visezi	Second person Singular
ademeni	Third person Singular
scornise	Third person Singular
nimeri	Third person Singular
revistelor	None
rinichii	None
frământat	None
gravitaseră	Third person Plural
săturase	Third person Singular
sfinți	Third person Singular
frământasem	First person Singular
scârbele	None
rescrise	Third person Singular
castanului	None
fractura	Third person Singular
jucă	Third person Singular
venerare	None
îngrămădisem	First person Singular
recunoscu	Third person Singular
democratica	None
motivelor	None
încălzisem	First person Singular
înmărmuriră	Third person Plural
socotisem	First person Singular
anularăm	First person Plural
suspensorului	None
purtării	None
înspăimântarăm	First person Plural
ruinau	Third person Plural
goliseră	Third person Plural
căzutului	None
proptiră	Third person Plural
omulețul	None
producerii	None
evlavie	None
angajau	Third person Plural
coapsesem	First person Singular
metrii	None
uitarăți	Second person Plural
clocotirăm	First person Plural
amânași	Second person Singular
agentă	None
mulseserăți	Second person Plural
aiuraserăm	First person Plural
molidule	None
înfruntăm	First person Plural
comport	First person Singular
discut	First person Singular
frigeați	Second person Plural
locuinței	None
decăzuse	Third person Singular
timide	None
dovedea	Third person Singular
insultase	Third person Singular
nodurile	None
vulgarilor	None
interziseserăm	First person Plural
serveau	Third person Plural
impui	Second person Singular
îngrijise	Third person Singular
dogmatice	None
însera	Third person Singular
înrudeai	Second person Singular
colectivitate	None
transcriseră	Third person Plural
fluturarăți	Second person Plural
trăncăniserăm	First person Plural
tipărise	Third person Singular
despăduchearăți	Second person Plural
descarc	First person Singular
învățași	Second person Singular
intim	None
vrăjitorii	None
încăpu	Third person Singular
orhidee	None
învălurau	Third person Plural
șovăind	None
rugiseră	Third person Plural
coborâte	None
simțise	Third person Singular
copiilor	None
nurca	None
tragea	Third person Singular
contraveniseră	Third person Plural
temeau	Third person Plural
decidea	Third person Singular
traduceau	Third person Plural
călca	Third person Singular
declinaseră	Third person Plural
clătina	Third person Singular
potriveau	Third person Plural
mâneca	Third person Singular
senzualități	None
scoteau	Third person Plural
târguirăți	Second person Plural
înalț	First person Singular
plecaseră	Third person Plural
circuli	Second person Singular
deștepți	Second person Singular
răniră	Third person Plural
echipajelor	None
holbase	Third person Singular
înnegriserăți	Second person Plural
joc	First person Singular
apeși	Second person Singular
bravi	None
ferestruiși	Second person Singular
păstură	None
modificat	None
crucificaserăm	First person Plural
mărturisim	First person Plural
tulbur	First person Singular
ubicuelor	None
rușilor	None
urcată	None
capitaliste	None
copacului	None
vârtoasă	None
fusesem	First person Singular
coborâși	Second person Singular
rezolvăm	First person Plural
preferinței	None
uneau	Third person Plural
viețuiseră	Third person Plural
arăducem	First person Plural
supunem	First person Plural
răci	Third person Singular
născură	Third person Plural
pedepsea	Third person Singular
stepei	None
scrisese	Third person Singular
numii	First person Singular
jurând	None
blestemau	Third person Plural
grăbi	Third person Singular
satura	Third person Singular
șovăiseși	Second person Singular
nădăjdui	Third person Singular
arătau	Third person Plural
ruina	Third person Singular
apusese	Third person Singular
împiedicăm	First person Plural
atlantica	None
capabilitatea	None
înșirăm	First person Plural
mândrii	First person Singular
supuse	Third person Singular
sculei	None
spuneați	Second person Plural
îmbrăcăm	First person Plural
comparat	None
protejau	Third person Plural
flămânzi	Third person Singular
strânse	Third person Singular
flăcărilor	None
mincinos	None
îmbunătățise	Third person Singular
tun	First person Singular
intenționasem	First person Singular
șaua	None
despărțeau	Third person Plural
țăranilor	None
orfanilor	None
spovedi	Third person Singular
cumpătat	None
ferești	Second person Singular
răsfoiați	Second person Plural
castrezi	Second person Singular
prăjea	Third person Singular
galfedele	None
celulozelor	None
simetriile	None
căscau	Third person Plural
albanezul	None
dezvățaserăți	Second person Plural
ars	None
slugărit	None
vizitau	Third person Plural
parazitară	None
ademeneai	Second person Singular
încuiat	None
încălă	Third person Singular
plutești	Second person Singular
datorez	First person Singular
hârtiile	None
răcniserăți	Second person Plural
stimez	First person Singular
descurci	Second person Singular
constătui	First person Singular
atrasese	Third person Singular
apărase	Third person Singular
avioanelor	None
friguroase	None
dezarmare	None
forfecași	Second person Singular
aștept	First person Singular
rupi	Second person Singular
persoanei	None
alergași	Second person Singular
albaneze	None
sorteați	Second person Plural
măreți	None
îmbătrânea	Third person Singular
ataca	Third person Singular
născuseră	Third person Plural
cotești	Second person Singular
înșir	First person Singular
îngrop	First person Singular
reușea	Third person Singular
răsăritului	None
puțirăm	First person Plural
înclin	First person Singular
zăcând	None
năpârcilor	None
stejarilor	None
stânjenii	First person Singular
lămpilor	None
răciră	Third person Plural
înălțaseși	Second person Singular
încercaserăm	First person Plural
observaserăți	Second person Plural
organizațiile	None
amintiseși	Second person Singular
stima	Third person Singular
originii	None
nucule	None
înnoiserăți	Second person Plural
slujim	First person Plural
secretele	None
internaționalii	None
ajunarăm	First person Plural
împiedicarăți	Second person Plural
pavasem	First person Singular
meștem	First person Plural
norocoaselor	None
încumetaserăți	Second person Plural
pulsaseră	Third person Plural
răstignim	First person Plural
purității	None
lipsești	Second person Singular
gravitasem	First person Singular
topeau	Third person Plural
izbiseși	Second person Singular
plantaserăți	Second person Plural
observarăți	Second person Plural
veștejim	First person Plural
bulevardul	None
cepurile	None
ștergi	Second person Singular
izvorul	None
anticorpilor	None
fălești	Second person Singular
înăbuși	Third person Singular
înfiripaăm	First person Plural
depuse	Third person Singular
zbura	Third person Singular
arăt	First person Singular
răsfățară	Third person Plural
grăisem	First person Singular
bibliotecii	None
pictară	Third person Plural
rugineați	Second person Plural
polara	None
căzuseși	Second person Singular
iepei	None
pilotul	None
țiparilor	None
mutaserăți	Second person Plural
dăpăraseși	Second person Singular
cerc	First person Singular
insistasem	First person Singular
admiri	Second person Singular
ascuțiră	Third person Plural
urâtul	None
ocupa	Third person Singular
corcești	Second person Singular
înălțăm	First person Plural
codobatură	None
atacăm	First person Plural
umblau	Third person Plural
supraviețuise	Third person Singular
urlau	Third person Plural
ceruseră	Third person Plural
omorâși	Second person Singular
distinsei	First person Singular
femeii	None
declara	Third person Singular
gemetele	None
murdăriră	Third person Plural
puloși	None
borați	Second person Plural
încărcau	Third person Plural
mărginim	First person Plural
ardeau	Third person Plural
cerneai	Second person Singular
clădi	Third person Singular
invadă	Third person Singular
cerusem	First person Singular
stricăm	First person Plural
descompunând	None
hotărâsem	First person Singular
pățiși	Second person Singular
pornești	Second person Singular
blondei	None
scorțișoară	None
posibilităților	None
plăcuserăți	Second person Plural
crestezi	Second person Singular
hipopotamilor	None
încercă	Third person Singular
netezi	Third person Singular
peticeai	Second person Singular
vopsit	None
sângeroasei	None
numise	Third person Singular
cercau	Third person Plural
înfățișaseră	Third person Plural
băiatul	None
scăpași	Second person Singular
tradu	Second person Singular
mucoasei	None
epuizau	Third person Plural
scrierilor	None
strigau	Third person Plural
înfipseserăm	First person Plural
traduci	Second person Singular
drujbelor	None
gândisem	First person Singular
declin	First person Singular
aruncară	Third person Plural
dizolvaserăm	First person Plural
cufurești	Second person Singular
induceați	Second person Plural
udăm	First person Plural
fixând	None
beregată	None
exploatare	None
iertată	None
strecurau	Third person Plural
ucideau	Third person Plural
polisierului	None
apusesem	First person Singular
necunoscutul	None
găseai	Second person Singular
surului	None
prescurtare	None
muncii	First person Singular
măsori	Second person Singular
îmbrac	First person Singular
musculoaselor	None
plăceau	Third person Plural
convențional	None
căcaseși	Second person Singular
comandau	Third person Plural
suedezul	None
catargului	None
maserăm	First person Plural
scurtul	None
mărunți	Third person Singular
dispunea	Third person Singular
lucrătorilor	None
alintarăm	First person Plural
rotea	Third person Singular
umedele	None
țipaserăți	Second person Plural
activau	Third person Plural
răszicea	Third person Singular
elicopterului	None
îndepărta	Third person Singular
sacului	None
gustăm	First person Plural
credincioșii	None
chițcăiai	Second person Singular
diriguiseși	Second person Singular
avansezi	Second person Singular
logodi	Third person Singular
termini	Second person Singular
impunea	Third person Singular
aisbergul	None
dogmaticilor	None
autobiografule	None
forfecaserăm	First person Plural
fumezi	Second person Singular
osos	None
neurobiologie	None
seismografele	None
roșise	Third person Singular
bărbătească	None
lingușeau	Third person Plural
sfeșnicului	None
sosul	None
vodcilor	None
delicioasă	None
trezi	Third person Singular
râvni	Third person Singular
îngerului	None
turna	Third person Singular
zăcurăm	First person Plural
orientăm	First person Plural
fraudau	Third person Plural
utilizând	None
politeismule	None
întâlnise	Third person Singular
luminile	None
franțuzească	None
sarma	None
traversa	Third person Singular
răspunsese	Third person Singular
zburdarăți	Second person Plural
obstrucția	None
viețuia	Third person Singular
mărita	Third person Singular
petrecea	Third person Singular
juisă	Third person Singular
secretului	None
închipui	Third person Singular
orientară	Third person Plural
rezolv	First person Singular
ținuseră	Third person Plural
abandonezi	Second person Singular
amuza	Third person Singular
folosiseși	Second person Singular
nocturnă	None
strămutase	Third person Singular
traduceați	Second person Plural
zburdasem	First person Singular
stărui	Third person Singular
porniseră	Third person Plural
semivocală	None
descopereau	Third person Plural
inducea	Third person Singular
înflorești	Second person Singular
codașul	None
auriră	Third person Plural
spinoasă	None
viermuiești	Second person Singular
împărțiseră	Third person Plural
tindeau	Third person Plural
măieștrilor	None
oglindeau	Third person Plural
lucrurilor	None
pieptănase	Third person Singular
încununa	Third person Singular
cumpli	Third person Singular
cumpărase	Third person Singular
drăguți	None
urlu	First person Singular
creștinătăți	None
despuiau	Third person Plural
înscriați	Second person Plural
marini	None
încheietură	None
străpunse	Third person Singular
sucești	Second person Singular
batjocoreați	Second person Plural
simplificară	Third person Plural
înfulecară	Third person Plural
preoțiși	Second person Singular
urcăm	First person Plural
potrivirăm	First person Plural
argintii	None
crezuse	Third person Singular
orbii	First person Singular
casei	None
binecuvântaseși	Second person Singular
țip	First person Singular
stânjeniseră	Third person Plural
italianca	None
întâmpinase	Third person Singular
ecologiei	None
înseninezi	Second person Singular
nemeritate	None
copiem	First person Plural
asimetria	None
devii	Second person Singular
capitulaseră	Third person Plural
scăpaseră	Third person Plural
epuizasem	First person Singular
contraziserăți	Second person Plural
declaraseră	Third person Plural
ofiliși	Second person Singular
deșteptării	None
depănași	Second person Singular
încadrăm	First person Plural
mâhneau	Third person Plural
prădaserăm	First person Plural
delicate	None
cădeau	Third person Plural
coti	Third person Singular
zăpăcirăm	First person Plural
îmbătaseră	Third person Plural
flexibilă	None
răbda	Third person Singular
strecurase	Third person Singular
confruntaseră	Third person Plural
dogoarea	None
tușiserăm	First person Plural
banană	None
documentaserăți	Second person Plural
dominase	Third person Singular
vedeau	Third person Plural
dresesem	First person Singular
inarului	None
popoul	None
activa	Third person Singular
neguțaseși	Second person Singular
ficatului	None
vopsea	Third person Singular
pățiserăți	Second person Plural
distrezi	Second person Singular
prețuit	None
alungaseră	Third person Plural
răscocând	None
invincibilelor	None
iubi	Third person Singular
răsculaserăm	First person Plural
miști	Second person Singular
băuserăm	First person Plural
datorase	Third person Singular
poruncim	First person Plural
comunic	First person Singular
transformaseră	Third person Plural
botezase	Third person Singular
lungit	None
purtă	Third person Singular
zbârcea	Third person Singular
căutăm	First person Plural
pripești	Second person Singular
rezistăm	First person Plural
mireasa	None
concepui	First person Singular
crud	None
lampa	None
încadraseră	Third person Plural
miloșilor	None
bocea	Third person Singular
fraternitatea	None
strănut	First person Singular
tânjești	Second person Singular
dezvoltând	None
pliviseși	Second person Singular
bombelor	None
retrase	Third person Singular
tocaseși	Second person Singular
înalți	Second person Singular
vărul	None
acuza	Third person Singular
trezirii	None
diminuă	Third person Singular
decisesem	First person Singular
destrăbăla	Third person Singular
înseninaseși	Second person Singular
dimensionarea	None
răsuflase	Third person Singular
înnoise	Third person Singular
cărbune	None
urilor	None
ocup	First person Singular
rozătorului	None
amarului	None
negară	Third person Plural
descurcăm	First person Plural
împlini	Third person Singular
răsfoii	First person Singular
polar	None
spovedea	Third person Singular
decăzând	None
junghiau	Third person Plural
temu	Third person Singular
mușcase	Third person Singular
zgâria	Third person Singular
pășunaserăți	Second person Plural
diminuau	Third person Plural
lipii	First person Singular
cameramanul	None
olimpicii	None
înșirau	Third person Plural
dezavantajau	Third person Plural
schimbau	Third person Plural
întrebuințând	None
degetului	None
necăji	Third person Singular
sfințea	Third person Singular
botezaseră	Third person Plural
vădea	Third person Singular
creativitate	None
glumiseră	Third person Plural
îndesaseră	Third person Plural
rănii	First person Singular
adopta	Third person Singular
uscăciune	None
lubrifiarăm	First person Plural
contrazise	Third person Singular
răsfoirăți	Second person Plural
forjaseră	Third person Plural
returnaserăți	Second person Plural
solvabilitatea	None
înflorea	Third person Singular
îmbărbătaseși	Second person Singular
stăpâni	Third person Singular
cercelul	None
fript	None
desfiri	Second person Singular
pieriseră	Third person Plural
isprăvi	Third person Singular
parității	None
viețui	Third person Singular
sfeșnicelor	None
obligat	None
pieselor	None
distrusese	Third person Singular
îngreuna	Third person Singular
ieftineai	Second person Singular
acumulaseși	Second person Singular
adăuga	Third person Singular
anteriorii	None
vânzătoarea	None
mustrarăți	Second person Plural
amabil	None
izbăveați	Second person Plural
aeraseră	Third person Plural
urârăm	First person Plural
stăpânise	Third person Singular
încurajezi	Second person Singular
depuseseră	Third person Plural
curățarăți	Second person Plural
proptit	None
sfârșeați	Second person Plural
dezlega	Third person Singular
amărâi	First person Singular
văzui	First person Singular
aspra	None
mârcede	None
împușcași	Second person Singular
borâse	Third person Singular
freamăt	First person Singular
nisipoase	None
iubești	Second person Singular
micii	None
îndrăgostiseși	Second person Singular
rezistențelor	None
ejaculez	First person Singular
hârtiei	None
divorțau	Third person Plural
îndepărtau	Third person Plural
oglindiseși	Second person Singular
bucătărie	None
trimisese	Third person Singular
plantaserăm	First person Plural
obosii	First person Singular
fachiilor	None
abdic	First person Singular
toxicului	None
calci	Second person Singular
mediocrul	None
înălțau	Third person Plural
câștigaseră	Third person Plural
uimea	Third person Singular
insult	First person Singular
crucificasem	First person Singular
bej	None
eprubeta	None
contopirăm	First person Plural
berbecii	None
cercetași	Second person Singular
muie	Third person Singular
transforma	Third person Singular
politizarea	None
mărunțea	Third person Singular
glumi	Third person Singular
săltat	None
omogenă	None
împlânți	Second person Singular
ucise	Third person Singular
simbolizăm	First person Plural
microbiologicelor	None
narcoticule	None
indiscretă	None
luase	Third person Singular
ajutau	Third person Plural
făcusem	First person Singular
lăudau	Third person Plural
încorporăm	First person Plural
punctarăm	First person Plural
orgasmului	None
împodobeau	Third person Plural
baia	None
dorise	Third person Singular
compuneai	Second person Singular
așternuserăți	Second person Plural
șoarecele	None
virilelor	None
deșiraserăm	First person Plural
curăța	Third person Singular
trecuseși	Second person Singular
șobolanilor	None
imunologiei	None
câștiga	Third person Singular
mâniaserăți	Second person Plural
mândreau	Third person Plural
mâncăm	First person Plural
greșise	Third person Singular
umplem	First person Plural
cingea	Third person Singular
vopsi	Third person Singular
obligăm	First person Plural
costumelor	None
schimbară	Third person Plural
măturarăți	Second person Plural
supunea	Third person Singular
bananelor	None
existase	Third person Singular
vorbeau	Third person Plural
cuvenirăți	Second person Plural
apărurăm	First person Plural
sugrumarăm	First person Plural
prostul	None
bondarul	None
cioplea	Third person Singular
slugăreai	Second person Singular
lăturilor	None
reluase	Third person Singular
cerci	Second person Singular
descălecaseră	Third person Plural
adeverise	Third person Singular
încheieturile	None
lingușii	First person Singular
sortisem	First person Singular
reverie	None
întunec	First person Singular
osoși	None
zdrobeai	Second person Singular
mâniaserăm	First person Plural
câștigat	None
lubrifianților	None
îmbina	Third person Singular
scăpau	Third person Plural
descântară	Third person Plural
putură	Third person Plural
arserăm	First person Plural
știau	Third person Plural
împuțeai	Second person Singular
gemenele	None
furiosul	None
lopătarul	None
hotărâră	Third person Plural
știm	First person Plural
peticise	Third person Singular
tentă	Third person Singular
întreținea	Third person Singular
înțepaserăm	First person Plural
minereurile	None
împleteai	Second person Singular
plajele	None
amesteci	Second person Singular
pătrunse	Third person Singular
săturaseși	Second person Singular
deranjau	Third person Plural
dubioși	None
tăioasă	None
penisule	None
genetice	None
continentalelor	None
doinelor	None
masacrelor	None
stricase	Third person Singular
rebeliune	None
trase	Third person Singular
vindecase	Third person Singular
îndemânare	None
micșorau	Third person Plural
făuri	Third person Singular
tușisem	First person Singular
propui	Second person Singular
purceseserăm	First person Plural
copereau	Third person Plural
socoti	Third person Singular
prășit	None
cinseseră	Third person Plural
transformat	None
săgeata	None
întâlneau	Third person Plural
comandarăm	First person Plural
urcarăți	Second person Plural
răsuna	Third person Singular
distinsese	Third person Singular
descoperiseră	Third person Plural
refecarăți	Second person Plural
adăpostită	None
stropii	First person Singular
tehnologic	None
angajezi	Second person Singular
consulare	None
celebraseși	Second person Singular
desculț	First person Singular
anihilase	Third person Singular
brațul	None
făceau	Third person Plural
construiseră	Third person Plural
crucificaserăți	Second person Plural
salvaseră	Third person Plural
mingea	None
lepădă	Third person Singular
socotita	None
tânărul	None
îndobitocii	First person Singular
tranzitivei	None
înfiarăți	Second person Plural
aplicarăți	Second person Plural
cărturarilor	None
păcătuiai	Second person Singular
obținură	Third person Plural
ceruse	Third person Singular
rădașcă	None
școlar	None
umbreai	Second person Singular
gătiră	Third person Plural
dezgropa	Third person Singular
furtunurile	None
antropologie	None
prăpădise	Third person Singular
întrebuințarăm	First person Plural
plutea	Third person Singular
înfloriseși	Second person Singular
decedând	None
ascensiunile	None
vânturarăți	Second person Plural
lovești	Second person Singular
somaseși	Second person Singular
mânăstire	None
scoase	Third person Singular
capsulă	Third person Singular
negustorii	None
numit	None
dezgustătorii	None
mișcăm	First person Plural
intoxicasem	First person Singular
introduseseră	Third person Plural
combin	First person Singular
îngâmfaseși	Second person Singular
canonirăți	Second person Plural
strâmb	First person Singular
desculții	None
rumegarăți	Second person Plural
închiserăm	First person Plural
dezlipisem	First person Singular
nodoasa	None
îmbunătățit	None
încercuiserăm	First person Plural
adjectivului	None
crearăți	Second person Plural
psihozelor	None
înfășurau	Third person Plural
clar	None
lingura	None
lătraseră	Third person Plural
documentezi	Second person Singular
stabilind	None
îmbrățișa	Third person Singular
văzut	None
împuțiseși	Second person Singular
micul	None
înfoiarăm	First person Plural
contraveneați	Second person Plural
auriși	Second person Singular
absorbeau	Third person Plural
topiși	Second person Singular
plantat	None
văduva	None
întorcea	Third person Singular
îngrijorez	First person Singular
onestele	None
stingherii	First person Singular
spurcăciunii	None
intenționaserăm	First person Plural
chițăiau	Third person Plural
insistez	First person Singular
nășteau	Third person Plural
declararăți	Second person Plural
ciocârlia	None
scâncise	Third person Singular
înfrunziserăți	Second person Plural
certi	Second person Singular
desfășurăm	First person Plural
lipsim	First person Plural
prăbușea	Third person Singular
amintirea	None
căcaserăm	First person Plural
suprarealismului	None
clătinarăți	Second person Plural
lansat	None
străbătuserăm	First person Plural
asigurase	Third person Singular
căzuseră	Third person Plural
înrudeau	Third person Plural
preget	First person Singular
curseră	Third person Plural
ascunseră	Third person Plural
agresivă	None
pictasem	First person Singular
înfipt	None
scăzând	None
neîmpiedicatul	None
împovărară	Third person Plural
obrăznicia	None
judecaserăm	First person Plural
semnul	None
săgetaserăm	First person Plural
ocupaseră	Third person Plural
ajutaseră	Third person Plural
delimită	Third person Singular
farul	None
produci	Second person Singular
îngâmfarăți	Second person Plural
răsculară	Third person Plural
neuitabilele	None
văzuserăți	Second person Plural
avansez	First person Singular
citadela	None
coniacul	None
asemănând	None
murdară	None
lopătarule	None
uliul	None
cubismul	None
vărsau	Third person Plural
dezghețaseră	Third person Plural
găseau	Third person Plural
îndrăgosti	Third person Singular
interzicem	First person Plural
curmaserăm	First person Plural
salutau	Third person Plural
cooperat	None
caut	First person Singular
moldoveanul	None
controlase	Third person Singular
sărbătorit	None
luasem	First person Singular
goleau	Third person Plural
preoți	Third person Singular
conversației	None
simții	First person Singular
râule	None
uiți	Second person Singular
tăiase	Third person Singular
aroganța	None
împingeați	Second person Plural
ajutaserăți	Second person Plural
koalaului	None
scuiparăm	First person Plural
alesese	Third person Singular
răspundeau	Third person Plural
datorași	Second person Singular
mirasem	First person Singular
trădarăți	Second person Plural
dramaticii	None
pătrățelelor	None
recunoaștem	First person Plural
gândind	None
deszi	Second person Singular
înrădăcinez	First person Singular
animația	None
lingând	None
perversității	None
adu	Second person Singular
iscălii	First person Singular
resturile	None
zbătusem	First person Singular
leșii	None
chiorați	Second person Plural
pătură	None
forjat	None
băgăm	First person Plural
ghețarii	None
reduseseră	Third person Plural
angajez	First person Singular
doină	None
valoarea	None
actorii	None
principală	None
pliviseră	Third person Plural
aruncau	Third person Plural
rezolva	Third person Singular
despărți	Third person Singular
cucerii	First person Singular
număraserăți	Second person Plural
slujești	Second person Singular
produceați	Second person Plural
trimise	Third person Singular
gazăm	First person Plural
contopi	Third person Singular
înfigem	First person Plural
prăbușise	Third person Singular
părea	Third person Singular
insultaserăm	First person Plural
bombele	None
primei	None
stăpânii	First person Singular
tunau	Third person Plural
parcului	None
dinamici	None
discreție	None
secret	None
cumpătând	None
șezând	None
mirară	Third person Plural
astronomii	None
adaptabilitate	None
întrebuința	Third person Singular
observațiilor	None
ieșirea	None
văduvii	First person Singular
dezvolți	Second person Singular
culci	Second person Singular
jupuisem	First person Singular
capitulase	Third person Singular
dezrobea	Third person Singular
veniși	Second person Singular
asemăn	First person Singular
spusesem	First person Singular
crăpa	Third person Singular
odihnii	First person Singular
visaserăm	First person Plural
afganilor	None
comparăm	First person Plural
anule	None
altul	None
conținut	None
străpunseseră	Third person Plural
prostii	First person Singular
învățătoarea	None
pare	Third person Singular
aninară	Third person Plural
încăpurăm	First person Plural
omnipotență	None
fixezi	Second person Singular
discutară	Third person Plural
avansase	Third person Singular
sumesese	Third person Singular
prevestiseră	Third person Plural
studiarăți	Second person Plural
înțelese	Third person Singular
amorțit	None
documentaseși	Second person Singular
votcii	None
simbolul	None
mililitrului	None
ruptul	None
înavuțiserăm	First person Plural
șterse	Third person Singular
încrucișarăți	Second person Plural
apuc	First person Singular
pilotă	Third person Singular
circul	First person Singular
rotise	Third person Singular
circulau	Third person Plural
astâmpărasem	First person Singular
grăbise	Third person Singular
sfârșeau	Third person Plural
neglijarăți	Second person Plural
preferăm	First person Plural
propuneau	Third person Plural
îmbătrâniserăm	First person Plural
explic	First person Singular
agentului	None
descântase	Third person Singular
brăzaseră	Third person Plural
încerci	Second person Singular
smulgeați	Second person Plural
înțelesul	None
feriserăți	Second person Plural
scurserăm	First person Plural
veștejești	Second person Singular
utilul	None
compuseseră	Third person Plural
spiritelor	None
alunecaseși	Second person Singular
potrivi	Third person Singular
traversarăți	Second person Plural
emeritei	None
coapsei	First person Singular
eliberând	None
trecuse	Third person Singular
aruncase	Third person Singular
combinaserăți	Second person Plural
refuzau	Third person Plural
bianuală	None
intenționez	First person Singular
râvniseră	Third person Plural
viețuiră	Third person Plural
funcționau	Third person Plural
ascensiunii	None
împădurirăm	First person Plural
zgarda	None
strălucitori	None
pacea	None
piureurilor	None
elevilor	None
robirăm	First person Plural
contravenea	Third person Singular
fripserăți	Second person Plural
fasolei	None
spintecaserăm	First person Plural
răgușitul	None
stăm	First person Plural
prețuia	Third person Singular
piepturile	None
calendarului	None
scânteiau	Third person Plural
aluminiferi	None
putea	Third person Singular
corasla	None
bisexualule	None
liliecilor	None
viguroasă	None
suciși	Second person Singular
porunciserăm	First person Plural
anulaserăm	First person Plural
înfășaseși	Second person Singular
legendarele	None
alcătuind	None
avansași	Second person Singular
pragului	None
curechiul	None
dedară	Third person Plural
roteai	Second person Singular
numeri	Second person Singular
însoțiseși	Second person Singular
aplaudaserăți	Second person Plural
maltezii	None
salvia	None
îmbărbăta	Third person Singular
cântărit	None
fundăm	First person Plural
corbul	None
reușeau	Third person Plural
tânjiseră	Third person Plural
dezlegasem	First person Singular
înierba	Third person Singular
sfârșea	Third person Singular
iobagule	None
părăsiserăți	Second person Plural
porumbelului	None
apărură	Third person Plural
car	First person Singular
lipsea	Third person Singular
învenină	Third person Singular
desfirasem	First person Singular
șușuiră	Third person Plural
adorau	Third person Plural
eterogenului	None
bucătăria	None
încorporarăm	First person Plural
dormim	First person Plural
analogilor	None
puterii	None
ușura	Third person Singular
mărunțisem	First person Singular
suspinași	Second person Singular
crăpași	Second person Singular
avânta	Third person Singular
încurasem	First person Singular
prindea	Third person Singular
sură	None
mișc	First person Singular
simplu	None
întunecarăți	Second person Plural
găoaza	None
momii	First person Singular
necontestatului	None
râvnirăți	Second person Plural
aiură	Third person Singular
gravate	None
topoarele	None
sinucisese	Third person Singular
păresimilor	None
înmărmurim	First person Plural
sfeșnicul	None
găsit	None
lans	First person Singular
pierdea	Third person Singular
măgarul	None
accesibilitatea	None
liniști	Third person Singular
începuseși	Second person Singular
cercetă	Third person Singular
elevă	None
cumințea	Third person Singular
păgânismule	None
șevaletule	None
rosteau	Third person Plural
încăriseră	Third person Plural
încări	Third person Singular
stropiră	Third person Plural
clare	None
chem	First person Singular
interveneau	Third person Plural
gravita	Third person Singular
păstrăvului	None
sfârșeai	Second person Singular
lungeau	Third person Plural
îngropa	Third person Singular
mustra	Third person Singular
documentau	Third person Plural
omora	Third person Singular
friptă	None
viermuise	Third person Singular
lăsasem	First person Singular
împinse	Third person Singular
armeancă	None
alcătuiseră	Third person Plural
acceleraserăm	First person Plural
răciseră	Third person Plural
serbau	Third person Plural
luciși	Second person Singular
tăie	Third person Singular
împărțea	Third person Singular
numeau	Third person Plural
muia	Third person Singular
sărbătoreau	Third person Plural
fierseserăți	Second person Plural
fracturarăți	Second person Plural
explicația	None
încetași	Second person Singular
copleșea	Third person Singular
puțiră	Third person Plural
topi	Third person Singular
vrăji	Third person Singular
greșisem	First person Singular
protejăm	First person Plural
dulgherule	None
poruncise	Third person Singular
urziseră	Third person Plural
răstigniseși	Second person Singular
căpăta	Third person Singular
carteziene	None
profesorul	None
concepură	Third person Plural
oftez	First person Singular
vorbise	Third person Singular
omniprezenta	None
aruncaserăți	Second person Plural
speranțele	None
speri	Second person Singular
activez	First person Singular
aflase	Third person Singular
aleseseși	Second person Singular
narcotizasem	First person Singular
albaștri	None
potriviseși	Second person Singular
îngrijiserăm	First person Plural
alăpta	Third person Singular
căuta	Third person Singular
prelungiserăți	Second person Plural
amețiseși	Second person Singular
celebrările	None
sculaseră	Third person Plural
congelat	None
ața	None
contravine	Third person Singular
hrăniserăm	First person Plural
împlântară	Third person Plural
piersic	First person Singular
spuzea	Third person Singular
sângerară	Third person Plural
gândești	Second person Singular
turtiserăți	Second person Plural
pictăm	First person Plural
găurim	First person Plural
împrăștia	Third person Singular
izgoniseși	Second person Singular
tăcură	Third person Plural
zărise	Third person Singular
măruntul	None
împins	None
cinaserăți	Second person Plural
împrăștiaserăți	Second person Plural
uitase	Third person Singular
prioritățile	None
dansarăm	First person Plural
ruga	Third person Singular
avântau	Third person Plural
introduce	Third person Singular
măritat	None
răsturnaserăm	First person Plural
cinaserăm	First person Plural
juisarăți	Second person Plural
izraelitului	None
măsură	Third person Singular
tocă	Third person Singular
puțirăți	Second person Plural
pica	Third person Singular
fixat	None
tomatelor	None
alcătuiau	Third person Plural
sfeclisem	First person Singular
adăugasem	First person Singular
potriviserăm	First person Plural
însori	Third person Singular
zburzi	Second person Singular
arunc	First person Singular
împăunaseră	Third person Plural
contopiseși	Second person Singular
retraseră	Third person Plural
achiziționarea	None
blocase	Third person Singular
evanghelie	None
vrăjitorilor	None
documenta	Third person Singular
astruc	First person Singular
înfuriaserăm	First person Plural
amesteca	Third person Singular
dispăru	Third person Singular
umplură	Third person Plural
oftăm	First person Plural
pâlcurile	None
plajelor	None
mărinimoasă	None
localitate	None
întâmpina	Third person Singular
bârfești	Second person Singular
dezmântaseră	Third person Plural
tramvaielor	None
trimitea	Third person Singular
colaboratorilor	None
jurau	Third person Plural
facilitate	None
răspunsesem	First person Singular
desfira	Third person Singular
coperii	First person Singular
obosise	Third person Singular
ciocănitoarea	None
intenționezi	Second person Singular
complete	None
prinserăți	Second person Plural
mirosi	Third person Singular
curma	Third person Singular
măsurasem	First person Singular
pelicanul	None
cană	None
viețuiserăți	Second person Plural
știuserăm	First person Plural
bianualul	None
ezitați	Second person Plural
seduseseși	Second person Singular
curcanilor	None
zburau	Third person Plural
animară	Third person Plural
delăsași	Second person Singular
ridic	First person Singular
icrelor	None
înfierbântași	Second person Singular
prășise	Third person Singular
onorasem	First person Singular
lupt	First person Singular
descălecară	Third person Plural
rularăți	Second person Plural
secvenței	None
sângerau	Third person Plural
marinarilor	None
sodomiștilor	None
lăcrimat	None
zicând	None
răscularăm	First person Plural
digitali	None
bruna	None
vii	Second person Singular
speriarăm	First person Plural
sodomia	None
încrezuserăm	First person Plural
sufoca	Third person Singular
mutau	Third person Plural
cutreierară	Third person Plural
rotunjite	None
viețuirăm	First person Plural
legaseră	Third person Plural
dovediseși	Second person Singular
țintiseră	Third person Plural
genei	None
dubios	None
concepuserăm	First person Plural
arogantul	None
gnosticul	None
chemase	Third person Singular
atingeau	Third person Plural
simplitate	None
anglicani	None
presupuseră	Third person Plural
alergă	Third person Singular
cântării	First person Singular
întrerupeai	Second person Singular
topirăm	First person Plural
grosul	None
coapse	Third person Singular
întemeiem	First person Plural
dormita	Third person Singular
estimăm	First person Plural
inteligenților	None
excelau	Third person Plural
răsculase	Third person Singular
încuiau	Third person Plural
furaseră	Third person Plural
slugărim	First person Plural
dospeai	Second person Singular
interesasem	First person Singular
castra	Third person Singular
locuia	Third person Singular
rugise	Third person Singular
abil	None
cac	First person Singular
strânseși	Second person Singular
mănunchiului	None
induci	Second person Singular
surprinse	Third person Singular
brațului	None
văduvei	None
geaca	None
lucrătorul	None
continentele	None
botanic	None
motanul	None
scăldaseră	Third person Plural
lansase	Third person Singular
deperi	Second person Singular
prevesti	Third person Singular
vânturaseși	Second person Singular
schimbăm	First person Plural
celebra	Third person Singular
sângera	Third person Singular
peticirăm	First person Plural
nuferii	None
albaștrilor	None
italienii	None
spui	Second person Singular
tăiem	First person Plural
conțineați	Second person Plural
șoimii	None
reumatismele	None
zgâiserăm	First person Plural
amestecau	Third person Plural
eșecurile	None
întinat	None
risipeați	Second person Plural
risipea	Third person Singular
divorțând	None
mâncau	Third person Plural
zăceau	Third person Plural
umiliserăm	First person Plural
stăruiși	Second person Singular
arătaseră	Third person Plural
înfășura	Third person Singular
păruiești	Second person Singular
egalilor	None
descălțași	Second person Singular
completarăți	Second person Plural
chemau	Third person Plural
dovedim	First person Plural
spovedeau	Third person Plural
onorară	Third person Plural
invitau	Third person Plural
excelezi	Second person Singular
extraserăți	Second person Plural
împușca	Third person Singular
epuiza	Third person Singular
dungaților	None
veni	Third person Singular
sortind	None
cinară	Third person Plural
narcotizarăți	Second person Plural
bârfiserăm	First person Plural
susții	Second person Singular
eligibilitate	None
chițăiseși	Second person Singular
expedia	Third person Singular
invizibilă	None
scurtă	Third person Singular
descălța	Third person Singular
mura	Third person Singular
bazăm	First person Plural
scuturarăți	Second person Plural
controlau	Third person Plural
găuri	Third person Singular
dereticasem	First person Singular
adulmecași	Second person Singular
îngrozitori	None
zării	First person Singular
comunicarăți	Second person Plural
socializaserăm	First person Plural
semicercul	None
confrunt	First person Singular
găsisem	First person Singular
nora	None
interne	None
slăbirea	None
decizi	Second person Singular
mânecaserăți	Second person Plural
controlăm	First person Plural
