botezate	None
obținând	None
știuși	Second person Singular
temui	First person Singular
întrerupseseși	Second person Singular
prosti	Third person Singular
munci	Third person Singular
invincibilă	None
știai	Second person Singular
introdu	Second person Singular
azotosului	None
albanez	None
aplicaserăm	First person Plural
desmântași	Second person Singular
descălțaseră	Third person Plural
jigneau	Third person Plural
astâmpărarăm	First person Plural
înjunghiaserăm	First person Plural
toca	Third person Singular
veștejeai	Second person Singular
reușiseși	Second person Singular
forjaseși	Second person Singular
coborâm	First person Plural
aflasem	First person Singular
cumpărând	None
supraviețuisem	First person Singular
mândriseră	Third person Plural
retraserăm	First person Plural
mințit	None
adăugaseră	Third person Plural
îndepărtase	Third person Singular
portretului	None
clădiseră	Third person Plural
tundem	First person Plural
moșteniseră	Third person Plural
concepuse	Third person Singular
prăjiții	None
împlinise	Third person Singular
înduraseși	Second person Singular
guvernamentali	None
împrejmuiau	Third person Plural
emoționa	Third person Singular
funcționa	Third person Singular
evingeați	Second person Plural
adumbriserăm	First person Plural
arăți	Second person Singular
zbătuse	Third person Singular
bunăvoinței	None
frageda	None
căcasem	First person Singular
deveni	Third person Singular
cucereau	Third person Plural
mulțumiserăm	First person Plural
aruncărilor	None
orbiseși	Second person Singular
ezitau	Third person Plural
ațipirăți	Second person Plural
orientărilor	None
prădau	Third person Plural
iernând	None
confruntăm	First person Plural
ara	Third person Singular
vorbăreț	None
frămânți	Second person Singular
steagului	None
tăgădui	Third person Singular
arcașului	None
binecuvântasem	First person Singular
arbustului	None
deplasă	Third person Singular
discreți	None
cucul	None
urmez	First person Singular
zbor	First person Singular
bașeați	Second person Plural
întărise	Third person Singular
isprăviși	Second person Singular
prezi	Second person Singular
răpui	Second person Singular
nivelă	Third person Singular
spulber	First person Singular
puținătăți	None
conducând	None
eliminaseși	Second person Singular
călugărițele	None
funcționaseși	Second person Singular
sexual	None
imaginat	None
sărând	None
înghețatei	None
lungii	First person Singular
ștergea	Third person Singular
păcăli	Third person Singular
mistificăm	First person Plural
mergea	Third person Singular
creierilor	None
importante	None
funcționaseră	Third person Plural
cântând	None
pripisem	First person Singular
văduvi	Third person Singular
săpa	Third person Singular
corupserăți	Second person Plural
plantăm	First person Plural
deszici	Second person Singular
forțau	Third person Plural
concepem	First person Plural
episcopală	None
priceput	None
binecuvântăm	First person Plural
stăpâniși	Second person Singular
avântăm	First person Plural
avalanșei	None
neașteptatul	None
fumat	None
tăiară	Third person Plural
eventualitatea	None
numea	Third person Singular
obținem	First person Plural
puncta	Third person Singular
mărețele	None
obișnuia	Third person Singular
vâscule	None
insulelor	None
apucau	Third person Plural
bucuri	Second person Singular
învățătorului	None
sinuciseși	Second person Singular
simetriilor	None
cumpăr	First person Singular
bilingvismul	None
înfuriau	Third person Plural
salutară	Third person Plural
nenorociră	Third person Plural
sinuciserăți	Second person Plural
circulaserăm	First person Plural
turnarăți	Second person Plural
pătrunjelului	None
săpăm	First person Plural
suisem	First person Singular
finlandezii	None
iederelor	None
oastea	None
amanetă	Third person Singular
inflorescențelor	None
chițcăiși	Second person Singular
ajuna	Third person Singular
deșteptași	Second person Singular
circumscriserăți	Second person Plural
plantezi	Second person Singular
visa	Third person Singular
despărțiserăm	First person Plural
mescuseră	Third person Plural
cerșise	Third person Singular
extindeau	Third person Plural
fraudezi	Second person Singular
anticul	None
țestoși	None
copleșiră	Third person Plural
gătiși	Second person Singular
paraziții	None
răsfoia	Third person Singular
credinciosul	None
repezi	Third person Singular
plecase	Third person Singular
mămicilor	None
torseși	Second person Singular
fierărie	None
înțepasem	First person Singular
amestecasem	First person Singular
învolburaserăți	Second person Plural
înfipsei	First person Singular
supraviețuia	Third person Singular
reușim	First person Plural
răbojești	Second person Singular
invadezi	Second person Singular
măcinau	Third person Plural
porcușorii	None
crezui	First person Singular
arăducea	Third person Singular
întremaseră	Third person Plural
sufocând	None
refuzăm	First person Plural
învinseseră	Third person Plural
orbi	Third person Singular
dogmatici	None
mulțumisem	First person Singular
prescriseserăm	First person Plural
caraghiosului	None
torseseși	Second person Singular
stă	Third person Singular
făgăduisem	First person Singular
cotea	Third person Singular
diseca	Third person Singular
dezavantajaseră	Third person Plural
adorarăm	First person Plural
încorpora	Third person Singular
muți	Second person Singular
vedem	First person Plural
căpriorul	None
învinseserăm	First person Plural
vaccină	Third person Singular
înțepaseși	Second person Singular
serbași	Second person Singular
căpătase	Third person Singular
mase	Third person Singular
reușise	Third person Singular
supravegheat	None
înfățișau	Third person Plural
rase	Third person Singular
sutimea	None
moșteni	Third person Singular
gimnastei	None
fumez	First person Singular
dăunăm	First person Plural
depunem	First person Plural
interzise	Third person Singular
îndesau	Third person Plural
sărim	First person Plural
pierdu	Third person Singular
arse	Third person Singular
dictau	Third person Plural
plimbaseși	Second person Singular
dezgropăm	First person Plural
prevenii	First person Singular
structuratul	None
așterni	Second person Singular
vârtejului	None
scuzaseră	Third person Plural
răcoreați	Second person Plural
înnegrești	Second person Singular
răpirăm	First person Plural
salamandra	None
ștergem	First person Plural
străpungeați	Second person Plural
schimb	First person Singular
urbanizași	Second person Singular
stimulași	Second person Singular
seducție	None
binecuvântarăți	Second person Plural
băii	None
presupunem	First person Plural
îmbătrânim	First person Plural
bârfiseră	Third person Plural
prezentarea	None
întoarse	Third person Singular
simțiserăți	Second person Plural
delăsase	Third person Singular
dispusei	First person Singular
vizualiza	Third person Singular
mințiserăm	First person Plural
pasasem	First person Singular
vine	Third person Singular
sughiț	First person Singular
confluența	None
toxice	None
păzi	Third person Singular
despărțiserăți	Second person Plural
deceda	Third person Singular
aprindeau	Third person Plural
nominalului	None
îmboldise	Third person Singular
concepeau	Third person Plural
ghici	Third person Singular
măturaseși	Second person Singular
vampirului	None
reintroduseserăți	Second person Plural
atinseseră	Third person Plural
încrezură	Third person Plural
ocupasem	First person Singular
respiri	Second person Singular
otrăvirăți	Second person Plural
plictisiseră	Third person Plural
măreț	None
rămâneați	Second person Plural
logăm	First person Plural
dezveți	Second person Singular
dezavantaja	Third person Singular
încununase	Third person Singular
urî	Third person Singular
auzeai	Second person Singular
împleteau	Third person Plural
curmaseși	Second person Singular
veșted	None
spunem	First person Plural
terminaseși	Second person Singular
speria	Third person Singular
răsucii	First person Singular
ofensator	None
fragedul	None
foarfeci	Second person Singular
crestă	Third person Singular
plimbași	Second person Singular
rătăceați	Second person Plural
coiotului	None
jucasem	First person Singular
largă	None
împlinirăm	First person Plural
vitejilor	None
verbul	None
făgăduiești	Second person Singular
cercetase	Third person Singular
șasiului	None
lega	Third person Singular
încrucișase	Third person Singular
memorizăm	First person Plural
reținea	Third person Singular
rulezi	Second person Singular
publicității	None
mângâiat	None
câștigi	Second person Singular
distilă	Third person Singular
străpunserăm	First person Plural
dezghețarăți	Second person Plural
încălzești	Second person Singular
izraelitule	None
rostiși	Second person Singular
numești	Second person Singular
strângea	Third person Singular
înseninarăm	First person Plural
fluierul	None
decăzuserăm	First person Plural
ștersese	Third person Singular
excita	Third person Singular
coșmarul	None
urma	Third person Singular
ciocanelor	None
seduse	Third person Singular
separaserăm	First person Plural
vrăbiilor	None
documentară	Third person Plural
fundă	Third person Singular
pictase	Third person Singular
erotica	None
ajuți	Second person Singular
mâniași	Second person Singular
înavuțiseși	Second person Singular
copților	None
locuiești	Second person Singular
bașeau	Third person Plural
răzgândise	Third person Singular
arsa	None
îngrijit	None
moștenisem	First person Singular
auri	Third person Singular
stăpâniseși	Second person Singular
cina	Third person Singular
dureroasă	None
brăzarăți	Second person Plural
înălța	Third person Singular
ștergând	None
pregăteau	Third person Plural
vapoarele	None
înlocuia	Third person Singular
scurte	None
rădăcina	None
înjur	First person Singular
mentă	None
congelarăm	First person Plural
roșii	First person Singular
secera	Third person Singular
întindeau	Third person Plural
hrănești	Second person Singular
dormitorul	None
rugeați	Second person Plural
bolnav	None
înrâurirăți	Second person Plural
ardeiului	None
congela	Third person Singular
dobândii	First person Singular
naționalele	None
înzestrarăți	Second person Plural
fugiseră	Third person Plural
culegea	Third person Singular
dobândiși	Second person Singular
cununa	Third person Singular
însoțeau	Third person Plural
orbind	None
rezistând	None
ungeai	Second person Singular
economicului	None
șacalul	None
popoarele	None
recuperez	First person Singular
nudului	None
ciocolatelor	None
goli	Third person Singular
formație	None
pap	First person Singular
scoserăm	First person Plural
așezat	None
cântărea	Third person Singular
demonul	None
înșeuaserăm	First person Plural
munciserăm	First person Plural
merseseră	Third person Plural
zici	Second person Singular
chemași	Second person Singular
traversă	Third person Singular
ascultase	Third person Singular
lucedă	None
respiraseră	Third person Plural
anina	Third person Singular
melodiilor	None
ispiti	Third person Singular
plictisea	Third person Singular
nutrim	First person Plural
vitezei	None
serbaserăți	Second person Plural
veniseră	Third person Plural
încheia	Third person Singular
lepădaserăți	Second person Plural
dovedi	Third person Singular
miezului	None
mulțumi	Third person Singular
ungem	First person Plural
împăduriserăm	First person Plural
plăcea	Third person Singular
cugetat	None
liberă	Third person Singular
râvniserăți	Second person Plural
furăm	First person Plural
luptaseră	Third person Plural
tunat	None
stânjeneați	Second person Plural
împărarăm	First person Plural
cinsteau	Third person Plural
ghidă	Third person Singular
grabă	None
juraserăm	First person Plural
supărase	Third person Singular
închiseseși	Second person Singular
junghiași	Second person Singular
bărbierii	First person Singular
ciocanul	None
modifica	Third person Singular
veneau	Third person Plural
folosim	First person Plural
chimicul	None
distrugea	Third person Singular
văduvul	None
conduseseși	Second person Singular
bălăisem	First person Singular
surzi	None
dinamicului	None
lărgeau	Third person Plural
încet	First person Singular
acantele	None
egalii	None
separase	Third person Singular
pinului	None
urâta	None
rosul	None
edificiilor	None
nădăjduiseși	Second person Singular
urai	Second person Singular
plicticosului	None
invada	Third person Singular
convinserăți	Second person Plural
îngâmfaserăți	Second person Plural
glorificatoare	None
trăiserăm	First person Plural
păruseră	Third person Plural
dezgheț	First person Singular
pornim	First person Plural
împreunase	Third person Singular
zăriserăți	Second person Plural
spinoasa	None
închise	Third person Singular
îndrăzneau	Third person Plural
bucurase	Third person Singular
trecură	Third person Plural
curat	None
înfocăm	First person Plural
acoperiră	Third person Plural
împiedic	First person Singular
dezbinau	Third person Plural
cotiserăți	Second person Plural
rosti	Third person Singular
congelau	Third person Plural
virusul	None
dovedeați	Second person Plural
arăta	Third person Singular
eliberaseră	Third person Plural
ghidau	Third person Plural
alergaseră	Third person Plural
pripi	Third person Singular
răsziceai	Second person Singular
decăzuseră	Third person Plural
susțineați	Second person Plural
jenez	First person Singular
putem	First person Plural
venirăm	First person Plural
rupserăm	First person Plural
făgăduiseși	Second person Singular
ruinase	Third person Singular
rășina	None
dulgherii	None
veșnică	None
schimbaseră	Third person Plural
ales	None
spirituali	None
dobândiseră	Third person Plural
decis	None
memoriză	Third person Singular
fierserăți	Second person Plural
exagerez	First person Singular
zăcut	None
neguțez	First person Singular
amintire	None
legănasem	First person Singular
scăldaseși	Second person Singular
abdica	Third person Singular
răseră	Third person Plural
împilași	Second person Singular
sperăm	First person Plural
folosirilor	None
flacăra	None
jurat	None
legași	Second person Singular
îndulciși	Second person Singular
lățeau	Third person Plural
îngrijorarăm	First person Plural
apăruși	Second person Singular
sfătuiserăți	Second person Plural
zburdarăm	First person Plural
iaurtului	None
răscoapse	Third person Singular
încruntară	Third person Plural
circumscriserăm	First person Plural
comandaseră	Third person Plural
brutala	None
măslinului	None
satisfăcusem	First person Singular
regești	None
granițele	None
agățau	Third person Plural
opriseră	Third person Plural
orizonturile	None
exiști	Second person Singular
poalele	None
compuneau	Third person Plural
ispiteai	Second person Singular
venit	None
cumințeau	Third person Plural
asemănat	None
cotise	Third person Singular
părăseau	Third person Plural
făcurăm	First person Plural
plaja	None
râvnise	Third person Singular
depunea	Third person Singular
identitățile	None
atragem	First person Plural
obrajii	None
întrebuințăm	First person Plural
vână	Third person Singular
rescrisei	First person Singular
stingherirăm	First person Plural
fugea	Third person Singular
uitau	Third person Plural
negăm	First person Plural
încorporez	First person Singular
adeveri	Third person Singular
vrăjești	Second person Singular
ciorii	None
rândurile	None
pierii	First person Singular
slăveau	Third person Plural
alungi	Second person Singular
toarse	Third person Singular
strângem	First person Plural
ademenii	First person Singular
obligaseră	Third person Plural
îngreunase	Third person Singular
recuperaseră	Third person Plural
închipuiserăm	First person Plural
născuse	Third person Singular
pătrățelul	None
îngusta	Third person Singular
deveniseră	Third person Plural
topiseși	Second person Singular
suni	Second person Singular
convenea	Third person Singular
altei	None
metionină	None
împletea	Third person Singular
fărâma	Third person Singular
seduce	Third person Singular
florii	None
ungherele	None
căcă	Third person Singular
admira	Third person Singular
delicata	None
fixa	Third person Singular
prăbușeai	Second person Singular
rechinul	None
judecau	Third person Plural
întristasem	First person Singular
cotidiene	None
înnora	Third person Singular
înfiaseră	Third person Plural
săraseră	Third person Plural
jura	Third person Singular
iert	First person Singular
rogi	Second person Singular
strănutași	Second person Singular
țesând	None
ridici	Second person Singular
fărâm	First person Singular
strâmbară	Third person Plural
leșinau	Third person Plural
amorțiserăți	Second person Plural
însoreau	Third person Plural
începi	Second person Singular
înrudisem	First person Singular
abandonau	Third person Plural
instantaneilor	None
invizibilei	None
bănuim	First person Plural
oglindirăți	Second person Plural
hiena	None
spinoși	None
topiserăm	First person Plural
înfrunta	Third person Singular
crucificarăți	Second person Plural
ieșeau	Third person Plural
intenționaseși	Second person Singular
scuturăm	First person Plural
pasă	Third person Singular
ridicaseră	Third person Plural
prețuiși	Second person Singular
răpiși	Second person Singular
feminitate	None
alint	First person Singular
diurne	None
urmărea	Third person Singular
cenușiu	None
cunoscu	Third person Singular
băuse	Third person Singular
piersicau	Third person Plural
despuse	Third person Singular
prevesteau	Third person Plural
chemăm	First person Plural
împărțim	First person Plural
scurtară	Third person Plural
alungarăm	First person Plural
împovăraseră	Third person Plural
istoricei	None
insultarăți	Second person Plural
înmărmuriserăți	Second person Plural
mâncaseră	Third person Plural
închinase	Third person Singular
alinți	Second person Singular
albicioasă	None
fuserăți	Second person Plural
urau	Third person Plural
smaraldele	None
sărarăți	Second person Plural
sângeros	None
convine	Third person Singular
ironiile	None
inul	None
analei	None
scăzuseră	Third person Plural
ursoaicei	None
preludiului	None
construiești	Second person Singular
buzei	None
înlăturăm	First person Plural
auzea	Third person Singular
alungasem	First person Singular
încărunțea	Third person Singular
împroprietărise	Third person Singular
recunoști	Second person Singular
îngropat	None
pregătirăm	First person Plural
clătea	Third person Singular
înrâurisem	First person Singular
distilând	None
convinseseră	Third person Plural
nostalgic	None
iscălise	Third person Singular
menținuseră	Third person Plural
carnivor	None
torcea	Third person Singular
părem	First person Plural
decedă	Third person Singular
ierna	Third person Singular
încalț	First person Singular
adânciși	Second person Singular
funcționăm	First person Plural
pășunau	Third person Plural
tipărirăm	First person Plural
dezlegaserăm	First person Plural
invita	Third person Singular
cauți	Second person Singular
pieptăna	Third person Singular
înșeuasem	First person Singular
avântași	Second person Singular
lichidului	None
implicași	Second person Singular
pripirăți	Second person Plural
botezau	Third person Plural
nimiciră	Third person Plural
luminoaselor	None
meduză	None
înmormântăm	First person Plural
ciocneau	Third person Plural
funcționarea	None
grosime	None
înseninaserăm	First person Plural
intoxica	Third person Singular
scălda	Third person Singular
smulse	Third person Singular
obțineau	Third person Plural
atârnăm	First person Plural
luptaseși	Second person Singular
mâțele	None
fainilor	None
supraviețuiseși	Second person Singular
aduceați	Second person Plural
dorului	None
portocalelor	None
tăbăciseră	Third person Plural
contururilor	None
roșiseși	Second person Singular
dereticaseși	Second person Singular
împușcase	Third person Singular
țigăniră	Third person Plural
apucasem	First person Singular
evingeau	Third person Plural
bășiseră	Third person Plural
dictat	None
deșirăm	First person Plural
fixă	Third person Singular
nemțească	None
țintea	Third person Singular
mărginit	None
caraghioase	None
înșirasem	First person Singular
peșteră	None
neadecvata	None
dobândiserăți	Second person Plural
salvară	Third person Plural
scapi	Second person Singular
acopăr	First person Singular
deplasaseră	Third person Plural
împroprietăriserăți	Second person Plural
moșteneai	Second person Singular
stricaseși	Second person Singular
dovleacul	None
zâna	None
trufie	None
înfruntau	Third person Plural
călugărul	None
masculinul	None
murea	Third person Singular
căpățânoase	None
mișunaserăm	First person Plural
compusei	First person Singular
acuzativului	None
făurim	First person Plural
orbea	Third person Singular
parcă	Third person Singular
împerechea	Third person Singular
ospătărița	None
scărmăna	Third person Singular
împuști	Second person Singular
spălat	None
dormirăm	First person Plural
reluaseră	Third person Plural
implicaseși	Second person Singular
simbolizau	Third person Plural
votcile	None
chemaserăți	Second person Plural
adunăm	First person Plural
apucăm	First person Plural
tatuaseră	Third person Plural
răsare	Third person Singular
cuminecaserăți	Second person Plural
lăsaserăți	Second person Plural
ninsoarea	None
pianul	None
ospăta	Third person Singular
țipi	Second person Singular
înfiarăm	First person Plural
ieșeai	Second person Singular
puteai	Second person Singular
tușiseși	Second person Singular
nădăjduia	Third person Singular
fălisem	First person Singular
păcătuiești	Second person Singular
decădem	First person Plural
exagerata	None
băieții	None
vântura	Third person Singular
plin	None
imagina	Third person Singular
explicau	Third person Plural
ajutară	Third person Plural
feminin	None
iertăm	First person Plural
integrabilelor	None
neapăratelor	None
bracelor	None
bătea	Third person Singular
murase	Third person Singular
gândeai	Second person Singular
penisul	None
popularele	None
mutat	None
cenușiul	None
păcălești	Second person Singular
senina	None
înmărmureați	Second person Plural
arcadele	None
bunicii	None
aprinseseră	Third person Plural
invadaseră	Third person Plural
sănătoase	None
fraudă	Third person Singular
psihostimulantul	None
înțelegea	Third person Singular
flămânziseși	Second person Singular
netezești	Second person Singular
nimerise	Third person Singular
vânez	First person Singular
supt	None
creanga	None
epuizaseră	Third person Plural
tăbăcirăm	First person Plural
sfeclești	Second person Singular
neteziseră	Third person Plural
tresăriseși	Second person Singular
colorată	None
răscula	Third person Singular
clarificăm	First person Plural
ridicase	Third person Singular
cererea	None
pregătiseră	Third person Plural
suveranul	None
traversau	Third person Plural
atacaseră	Third person Plural
utilizat	None
extrageați	Second person Plural
încali	Second person Singular
mutaseși	Second person Singular
nunul	None
întări	Third person Singular
conveniră	Third person Plural
configurările	None
anterioarele	None
negase	Third person Singular
intervenise	Third person Singular
ejacula	Third person Singular
rostogoleai	Second person Singular
ultima	None
rugau	Third person Plural
sinistre	None
organizațiilor	None
sistez	First person Singular
insulți	Second person Singular
funcției	None
imaginez	First person Singular
glumeau	Third person Plural
trecui	First person Singular
ademenea	Third person Singular
dezdoii	First person Singular
apropiaseră	Third person Plural
intervenisem	First person Singular
legăna	Third person Singular
dezgropat	None
dejugară	Third person Plural
îndrăgostise	Third person Singular
găsiseră	Third person Plural
erați	Second person Plural
circumciseră	Third person Plural
îmbunătățea	Third person Singular
suspinaserăți	Second person Plural
împrăștiem	First person Plural
înlătura	Third person Singular
mescuseși	Second person Singular
dezamăgești	Second person Singular
rușinau	Third person Plural
colonialism	None
dreserăm	First person Plural
tăcere	None
cucerise	Third person Singular
datoraserăți	Second person Plural
vorbiseși	Second person Singular
invadez	First person Singular
rostogoli	Third person Singular
arăduci	Second person Singular
ciocanele	None
părăsiseră	Third person Plural
zbieraseși	Second person Singular
androceului	None
dezvoltaseși	Second person Singular
creă	Third person Singular
aplaudau	Third person Plural
atinse	Third person Singular
răcoarea	None
lubrifiem	First person Plural
încarci	Second person Singular
curățaseră	Third person Plural
îngrijim	First person Plural
românului	None
elevul	None
dezrobiși	Second person Singular
trăim	First person Plural
proiectule	None
descriseseși	Second person Singular
mișca	Third person Singular
preveniserăm	First person Plural
nebunești	Second person Singular
adumbreau	Third person Plural
preoțeau	Third person Plural
înălțaserăm	First person Plural
lăsau	Third person Plural
forfecările	None
acvilei	None
urlară	Third person Plural
iluziei	None
congelăm	First person Plural
încadrau	Third person Plural
șade	Third person Singular
negau	Third person Plural
scuipaseși	Second person Singular
continentalilor	None
contul	None
suprema	None
blestemași	Second person Singular
amenințarăți	Second person Plural
inimoasele	None
pășună	Third person Singular
afână	Third person Singular
ascunzi	Second person Singular
desenez	First person Singular
stătuse	Third person Singular
gălbui	None
șovăi	Third person Singular
mustraserăm	First person Plural
dezgropaseși	Second person Singular
servi	Third person Singular
dorințele	None
prăjeați	Second person Plural
străbătuserăți	Second person Plural
purica	Third person Singular
prevenind	None
deschideați	Second person Plural
străvăzuserăți	Second person Plural
muscă	None
cumințirăm	First person Plural
ocrotea	Third person Singular
cioturilor	None
răspundea	Third person Singular
tehnologicelor	None
ipocriții	None
mestecarăți	Second person Plural
depărarăm	First person Plural
îngrășaseră	Third person Plural
șchiopăta	Third person Singular
delăsaseră	Third person Plural
însuflețisem	First person Singular
pederastie	None
încăpere	None
mături	Second person Singular
uscarăți	Second person Plural
internaționalele	None
destramaserăm	First person Plural
urmași	Second person Singular
gustași	Second person Singular
pășunarăm	First person Plural
despăducheară	Third person Plural
caracterele	None
culturilor	None
principatule	None
culc	First person Singular
pierduse	Third person Singular
rotiseși	Second person Singular
păzim	First person Plural
păziși	Second person Singular
gătit	None
lărgea	Third person Singular
asigurarăm	First person Plural
rătăcea	Third person Singular
curseseși	Second person Singular
halucinasem	First person Singular
sortiseși	Second person Singular
clădeați	Second person Plural
mutaseră	Third person Plural
atraserăți	Second person Plural
șerbi	Third person Singular
ciurului	None
tentarăm	First person Plural
cinaseră	Third person Plural
amorțise	Third person Singular
alergat	None
visași	Second person Singular
