mañaspa	None
marq'ayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
ñit'iyninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
awanaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
sisaypa	Possession by 1.sg
q'uchuykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
samayta	Possession by 1.sg
t'antankukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
phutinchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uhuykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chinkaykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wachayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
añikurqani	None
yupaychaykunannaq	None
rantikuyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamk'asqan	None
ch'aqchusqa	None
samayninman	Possession by 3.sg
kunturniykichikkunaman	Possession by 2.pl
saksayniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
putiykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
killachawninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
ch'ipchinkukama	Possession by 3.pl
llaqtankupi	Possession by 3.pl
tusuy	None
wallpaykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
phawayninwan	Possession by 3.sg
ususinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
kayninta	Possession by 3.sg
wampunchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ankankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
wampunku	Possession by 3.pl
kayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
humint'aykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
inqhiykacharqankichik	None
amaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
huqarinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
panip	None
aqhaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
raqachankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
k'anchayniykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
thuñiykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
q'awankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
churikunalla	None
illapachawniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takiyniykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
karruykipi	Possession by 2.sg
asnayniykikama	Possession by 2.sg
qurimanta	None
yarpayniykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
ripuwlikankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
punkuykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yuyakunamanta	None
ch'askachawninrayku	Possession by 3.sg
parlayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
uhunchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aqhaykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
arphayanqaku	None
asisqa	None
sayk'uyniykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
t'antaykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muchuyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
aysayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
p'itirqaniku	None
umalliykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
kapuyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
tipiykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
chuqinkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
t'impuchirqanchik	None
intilla	None
illay	Possession by 1.sg
yanapaq	None
allichay	None
yarqayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
wach'iyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
tarpuykuna	None
amakunap	None
allpaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ch'unkuyninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
qhichwaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
huñinqaku	None
qullqinchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puñusaqku	None
pachankukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
tampuykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
wichayniykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
pach'aykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hank'aychik	None
sutinqa	None
mamankunata	Possession by 3.sg
yurirqaniku	None
aypurinku	None
llaqtap	None
yuyanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huqarinkulla	Possession by 3.pl
antikunapi	None
q'awakunapi	None
siminlla	Possession by 3.sg
apatatasqanku	None
kañaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
kinwaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mink'aykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
lluqsiyhina	Possession by 1.sg
rirpuykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
marq'ayninchikkunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'ipusqankichik	None
thasnuna	None
wiqiykunapi	Possession by 1.sg
asnayninkulla	Possession by 3.pl
punkunwan	Possession by 3.sg
kusiyninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'impuypaq	None
khallkiyniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
yapayniykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
yanayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
paqtayninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
riqsirqankichik	None
tampukunakama	None
rakinninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
llakiq	None
askhayachisaqku	None
wamp'uykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
yuraynintin	Possession by 1.sg
pukllayninkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
p'achanwan	Possession by 3.sg
amachasqa	None
p'uchquyninta	Possession by 3.sg
khipukamayuqniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
utqayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
qillqanchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ninayayninlla	Possession by 3.sg
hunt'ayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
ch'unkuykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
takiyniyman	Possession by 1.sg
wach'iyniykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
rurani	None
pampakunapi	None
ninchik	None
takisqan	None
khipukamayuqkunanka	None
qispiyku	None
llasayniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
harawin	Possession by 3.sg
much'ayniypa	Possession by 1.sg
aychankunap	Possession by 3.sg
atipachawniykukunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallariyninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kutiyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
amachayninkunarayku	Possession by 3.sg
urpiykinka	Possession by 2.sg
hik'ipakuchunku	None
rawrana	None
chantayykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
wanakuykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
awqanqaku	None
ñit'iyniykita	Possession by 2.sg
maqaq	None
pukllaykunapi	None
rutunchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhawayniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
yuraykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ch'uychuchun	None
muchuyninchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tupayniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
hark'aykichiklla	Possession by 2.pl
iskaychasqanchik	None
taytaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
yurapi	None
sayana	None
pituykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
chayanpurqaniku	None
rikuriyninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
allinchachun	None
q'uchuykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikrankuman	Possession by 3.pl
allayniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
ispaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
mink'anchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpaqaninka	Possession by 3.sg
chantaynninnaq	Possession by 3.sg
k'allampankama	Possession by 3.sg
khachunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
phutiykihina	Possession by 2.sg
waqtaykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
kawsay	None
kañina	None
phutiyninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
yañayniykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llamk'ananwan	Possession by 3.sg
sayayninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pirqakuna	None
mirayniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aynin	Possession by 3.sg
yachachiqninchikninnaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
achiy	None
p'uchquyniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yanuna	None
aqhankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
pantayniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
waska	None
llasayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rit'isqanku	None
yachakuqninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
much'ankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
purina	None
kusiyniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qapariyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chukunrayku	Possession by 3.sg
upakunawan	None
lliphllinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ñiyninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
chukunkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
qapariyniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
tarpuypi	None
riqsiyniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
qusiykihina	Possession by 2.sg
q'ipinkunata	Possession by 3.sg
khallkiymanta	Possession by 1.sg
hamut'arqan	None
rikunakunki	None
qispiypi	None
rantikuyninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qallunchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
huchaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
qallankukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
ñiyniykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
sinq'ankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
tipinkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
rutuykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'a	None
samaq	None
pukaranchikkunantin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
mallinkuta	Possession by 3.pl
añikurqanchik	None
intichawniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qawanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
muchuyniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
tipiykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
yachakuqninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
ayninchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqtanchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quriykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
ñañanhina	Possession by 3.sg
ñust'aykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
kutichispa	None
kukata	None
quyllurniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
waqyaykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñan	None
apanquraykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
wayrachinakunap	None
allquchankuman	Possession by 3.pl
rirpunchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
simanaykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
khataykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
waqtakunapura	None
ch'aqwasqankichik	None
kutayninta	Possession by 3.sg
chiriyachinku	None
illapachawwan	None
huñusqa	None
chapinchik	None
ninayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
uturunkuyhina	Possession by 1.sg
takakunata	None
harawinkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
chantayykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
qallanchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
llasamanta	None
wachayniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
tipiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
ch'akayanchik	None
kurakan	Possession by 3.sg
phinkiyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
suruqch'innaq	None
wichayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kawsayninchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
saphiyman	Possession by 1.sg
sat'iyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wanakuykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
humint'aykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hark'aykunakama	Possession by 1.sg
ayllunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
utqayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
yañayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
qallariyninpi	Possession by 3.sg
llikllanchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
khipukamayuqniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
hawirqanki	None
marq'ayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
huchanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yachakuqninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
wanakuykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
chapusqa	None
wach'iykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
llasayninkunantin	Possession by 3.sg
apana	None
wallpayninkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
qhawayniykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sayayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
marq'ayniykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
lluq'ikunap	None
kachirayku	None
apaysisaqku	None
ninayayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
kukayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
kunturniypi	Possession by 1.sg
aysayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
akasqankichik	None
simp'aykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
t'antaykipi	Possession by 2.sg
pichayninkunata	Possession by 3.sg
tukuna	None
rikch'ayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kuntihina	None
watyanqaku	None
ch'uqchuq	None
rak'iynininka	Possession by 3.sg
uywa	None
layqanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
uywakunata	None
ñawiykunka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
marq'ayninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
puchkanku	Possession by 3.pl
suysunku	None
ayqinchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chapatiyasqanki	None
t'aqaykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kukaykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwayninkukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
qhawayninchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinanchiklla	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watukuyniykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
saphirqanchik	None
killankunahina	Possession by 3.sg
intinkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
qillisqan	None
yayap	None
wiksanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
kutiyniykichik	Possession by 2.pl
watyaykunannaq	Possession by 1.sg
patachankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
pachayninka	Possession by 1.sg
ch'allarqaniku	None
riqsin	Possession by 3.sg
chantaynchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wanakuykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
makinkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
waqayniykikunaman	Possession by 2.sg
raqachanchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pisquykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
rikunchik	None
ruraqniykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
tipiykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
ruraqniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
qillqanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
tanta	None
uyaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
qapariyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
ñaqch'aykita	Possession by 2.sg
ch'ipchinta	Possession by 3.sg
phinkiyniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urmayninkuna	Possession by 3.sg
rikun	None
thuñisqa	None
maqakuchun	None
qhichwankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
phutiyniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
apanquraykikama	Possession by 2.sg
mitmasqanchik	None
t'ustuyniykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paqarniykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pach'ankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
lluqsinkulla	Possession by 3.pl
kinaykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
para	None
chinkayninchikkunap	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chukunkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
t'antankukama	Possession by 3.pl
ch'uspaykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
arinkupi	Possession by 3.pl
rikuriyninpi	Possession by 3.sg
ama	None
kutana	None
umalliy	Possession by 1.sg
mamankunanka	Possession by 3.sg
antankayman	Possession by 1.sg
wanuwan	None
ichhuyniykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
armaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
anschurichirqanki	None
ñawiyta	Possession by 1.sg
challanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qillqasunchik	None
t'ikaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
qaranchikkuna	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haywayninpa	Possession by 3.sg
huchaykipa	Possession by 2.sg
yuriyninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kichankukunantin	Possession by 3.pl
runaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
umalliykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
k'allampaykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wayrachinaykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
qillqakunapaq	None
samaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
allquykurayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qisaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
kusi	None
kunturnintin	None
ikmaykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
qallankupa	Possession by 3.pl
pach'anchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raphraykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
phinkiynin	Possession by 3.sg
ninaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
suyruykichik	Possession by 2.pl
putinkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
qataykipura	Possession by 2.sg
atillchaykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
ayqiyninkupi	Possession by 3.pl
wakikunanka	None
rikunqaku	None
pukllayniykunapaq	Possession by 1.sg
pichasunchik	None
allquykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amachana	None
irpachun	None
taripayniykukunata	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'ikranchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
intiykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
suruqch'iynintin	Possession by 1.sg
nanayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
t'impuyniykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
riqsiyniyta	Possession by 1.sg
wasikuna	None
chuntaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
wantusqankichik	None
sinq'aykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
much'ayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yanayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wawamanta	None
tiksip	None
llikllaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
marq'ayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
suk'aykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qisakuna	None
ayllu	None
atipaykukunalla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pukaranchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rirpunkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
nanay	None
utqayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
rawrayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
haywaypi	None
atiy	None
uyayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
tuta	None
runaykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
wiqiykipaq	Possession by 2.sg
suyayninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
pakayniykinnaq	Possession by 2.sg
p'ampanchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
harawiykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
ankankukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
qallariyninkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
kinayrayku	Possession by 1.sg
suyayninchiknintin	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yanuyku	None
sayayniykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
kallpayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
runaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
rayminkunata	Possession by 3.sg
quy	None
muyankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
tupuyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
supirqaniku	None
mikhuchunku	None
wanakuykiman	Possession by 2.sg
saruyniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
putin	Possession by 3.sg
hayt'anchikkama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'ipinki	None
waqtankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
usaykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chukunkunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
awannana	None
munayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'uchunta	Possession by 3.sg
urmayniykiman	Possession by 2.sg
raqachantin	None
simp'anchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'achaykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
rawrayniykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
suwaspa	None
ullantaykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
mikhunakuna	None
llallita	None
amachayniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ñust'aykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
yañaypura	Possession by 1.sg
pallayykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
simirayku	None
q'imiyniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
wampuykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
suyruykilla	Possession by 2.sg
khallkinkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
pusay	None
kanchan	None
kawsayniykichikkunap	Possession by 2.pl
rirpunkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
phallchankupa	Possession by 3.pl
aylluykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
k'anchayniykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
t'impurqani	None
challakunalla	None
ayllunintin	Possession by 3.sg
paqariyniykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
allquchaykipura	Possession by 2.sg
kachachunku	None
wasinkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
q'imiykichikkunannaq	Possession by 2.pl
kutiyninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
taskiykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
chanrararachun	None
saqina	None
parlayninkunapura	Possession by 3.sg
tupuyninchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
raqachaykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
watukuni	None
quyllurchawniykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
huñuchichun	None
wach'iyninkunannaq	Possession by 3.sg
killanchikhina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
sinchiyayniykichikkunahina	Possession by 2.pl
chawayninkunalla	Possession by 3.sg
humint'aykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
ullantaykikuna	Possession by 2.sg
hik'irqan	None
qispiyniyhina	Possession by 1.sg
wallpasqa	None
challanchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ikmakama	None
kututunmanta	Possession by 3.sg
hamurpasqaniku	None
aymurayniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
haratarqankichik	None
khuyankukunapura	Possession by 3.pl
suyakuynkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
munaylla	None
churiykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
pallanpura	Possession by 3.sg
aypasqa	None
p'achakunapaq	None
chawayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
tusuyniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
qillisqa	None
wayt'arqaniku	None
aspina	None
tipikunalla	None
pachaykikunap	Possession by 2.sg
yuyayniypi	Possession by 1.sg
asnaq	None
chinkankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
thitiyhina	Possession by 1.sg
siminta	Possession by 3.sg
machayninkukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
maqanakuy	None
p'unchawniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
pukllayninkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
ñankuna	None
k'uychichawniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
wayrachinayninka	Possession by 1.sg
takaykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
atipankunapura	Possession by 3.sg
asiyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
q'apiykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
wanakunkulla	Possession by 3.pl
urmayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
muyuyniykintin	Possession by 2.sg
qharip	None
sisaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
uyani	None
atipankukunarayku	Possession by 3.pl
k'umusqankichik	None
chinkakapuchun	None
p'uyñunchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayni	None
simikuna	None
manquykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
ususiykichikkunapaq	Possession by 2.pl
pichay	None
sayk'uyninchikman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
quyllurniykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
rutuy	Possession by 1.sg
rurunlla	Possession by 3.sg
siqsinintin	Possession by 3.sg
yapayniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
p'achanchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinkukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
kachuna	None
yuyayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
waqasaqku	None
qusipura	None
rantiyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
rantikuyninchikpaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
siminpa	Possession by 3.sg
karrunchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kinanchikkunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.incl
challwanku	Possession by 3.pl
takiykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
paninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
riqsiyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
grasyankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
puchkayninchikkunawan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llasantin	None
qispichiyniykichikhina	Possession by 2.pl
takiyniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
llaqwayninkukunahina	Possession by 3.pl
muyankunka	Possession by 3.pl
ñawrakuna	None
riqsiykukunahina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kunayninpi	Possession by 3.sg
p'akikunapi	None
p'uyñuykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
ullantayniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
rikch'ayninka	None
llamkhasqan	None
wampunkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
harawiykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
ñust'aykupi	Possession by 1.pl.excl
wawqiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ayqinchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ch'awasqani	None
puñunki	None
qillqanapaq	None
phaqsankuntin	Possession by 3.pl
chinkaykuchunku	None
quri	None
amapuchqachunchu	None
hip'isqani	None
saksayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
ch'akirqanku	None
uturunkunchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
riman	None
chawaykunantin	None
rak'iykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'ayniykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
thatkiykichikman	Possession by 2.pl
yañayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmayniykichikninnaq	Possession by 2.pl
aymurayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
tampuykunamanta	Possession by 1.sg
chawayninhina	Possession by 3.sg
muyaykichikpi	Possession by 2.pl
ayphayana	None
tiyamunku	None
amaanchaykachaychikchu	None
suyrukunanka	None
llakiyninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
awsayninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
yuraykuta	Possession by 1.pl.excl
chakurqani	None
churakuchun	None
ñit'iyniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
amaallichiychu	None
qawanlla	Possession by 3.sg
akllayhina	Possession by 1.sg
watuykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ullantayniykuna	Possession by 1.sg
urpiykama	Possession by 1.sg
hunk'anchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yaqullaypi	Possession by 1.sg
llulminchik	None
wach'inpaq	Possession by 3.sg
asiyninkuntin	Possession by 3.pl
much'anqa	None
phukusqanki	None
thuñiykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
qhawayninkunaman	Possession by 3.sg
llakiyninpaq	Possession by 3.sg
qichusqani	None
huñusqanku	None
qullqikunapaq	None
miraykuna	None
kunayniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
sinq'aykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
khachuykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
waqtaykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
sukankukunapaq	Possession by 3.pl
yawar	None
khuyaykuman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ikmaykimanta	Possession by 2.sg
qhapaqkuna	None
wañuykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
kapuyniykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
taripayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
maqayninkunap	Possession by 3.sg
much'ayniykichikkunata	Possession by 2.pl
kurakaykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
rikch'aynininka	Possession by 3.sg
kallpamanta	None
kawsaq	None
pukllayniynintin	Possession by 1.sg
awanaykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
amatarpuychikchu	None
kawsayninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
watukuyninchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
armasqanki	None
simp'aykipura	Possession by 2.sg
taripayniyta	Possession by 1.sg
ayqiykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
rak'iyninchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
kichaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phuyunchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
p'unchawnintin	None
ñit'iyniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
qusiykichikkama	Possession by 2.pl
wasinpi	Possession by 3.sg
inkillninchikpi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
urmayniykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
simp'aykirayku	Possession by 2.sg
kawsayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
ch'illmipakuchun	None
willaq	None
qullpakunaman	None
maqasqankichik	None
illapachawniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
taytanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
haparqaniku	None
wampuykunnaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
asichun	None
sisaynintin	Possession by 1.sg
wasiykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
amachayniykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
amaykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
hik'ipakuspa	None
wanayninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
malliy	Possession by 1.sg
armayninnaq	Possession by 1.sg
ichhunaykintin	Possession by 2.sg
kanayninta	Possession by 3.sg
kusisaq	None
ruraqkunata	None
llasaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
tantankupaq	Possession by 3.pl
amaykikunanka	Possession by 2.sg
mit'aykikunata	Possession by 2.sg
uyaykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
rikuchiy	None
mayllayninchikmanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rak'iykichikrayku	Possession by 2.pl
qisaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
t'ikanpaq	Possession by 3.sg
wampuykichikpura	Possession by 2.pl
pantasqa	None
phawayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
punaykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
kutayniykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
urmaykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
millankuhina	Possession by 3.pl
illapanchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
yupaychayniykichikkunarayku	Possession by 2.pl
haywayninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hanaqkunaman	None
q'iwiyniylla	Possession by 1.sg
urmayninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ayparqan	None
chanka	None
achkachanchik	None
ayrampunkulla	Possession by 3.pl
yañanchikkunaman	Possession by 1.pl.incl
wiqiykichiknintin	Possession by 2.pl
ayninkunakama	Possession by 3.sg
marq'aykichikkunanka	Possession by 2.pl
wach'iykichikta	Possession by 2.pl
rikuchiyniykupa	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'anman	Possession by 3.sg
wawqinkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
hanpusqaniku	None
puchkarqanki	None
achiwaykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
warkuchun	None
usaypi	Possession by 1.sg
muyuta	None
qhichwamanta	None
challaykichik	Possession by 2.pl
tusuyninchikrayku	Possession by 1.pl.incl
allpaqaykukunanka	Possession by 1.pl.excl
much'aykikunapi	Possession by 2.sg
muyukunakama	None
kallpayninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqachiychik	None
k'uychiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ayllunkukuna	Possession by 3.pl
chinkayniykikunantin	Possession by 2.sg
wanunkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
k'anchayninchikwan	Possession by 1.pl.incl
illapaykihina	Possession by 2.sg
sallaykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
kutiyninchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waylluykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
yapaspa	None
chiqakunata	None
p'unchawniykikunahina	Possession by 2.sg
qillqarqan	None
wathiyaspa	None
kusiyniykukunapaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
llimphisqa	None
achachinchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
pukllayman	None
ususiykichikwan	Possession by 2.pl
chankankukunap	Possession by 3.pl
qusiykukunantin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mallkiykikunawan	Possession by 2.sg
kapuyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
mamaykunap	Possession by 1.sg
khipukamayuqninkuman	Possession by 3.pl
putiykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
pañaman	None
pantayninkunawan	Possession by 3.sg
wallpayniykichikkunawan	Possession by 2.pl
allan	None
mirayninkunka	Possession by 3.pl
yupaychayniykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
allpaqa	None
wanakunlla	Possession by 3.sg
kawsayniykikunarayku	Possession by 2.sg
pichayniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
q'apayniy	Possession by 1.sg
takiyninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
chaskisqa	None
rikch'arqanku	None
wamp'uyninkama	Possession by 3.sg
illapachawniykukunapura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
achikyarqanku	None
suyruykiwan	Possession by 2.sg
muchuyniykunawan	Possession by 1.sg
chanqaykukusqan	None
churin	Possession by 3.sg
willaspa	None
wikch'urqanku	None
chimpachin	None
phinkiyninchik	Possession by 1.pl.incl
waqayniykichikkunalla	Possession by 2.pl
huchaykita	Possession by 2.sg
asiyninkunanka	Possession by 3.sg
allquchaykuna	Possession by 1.sg
waturayku	None
wasinkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
armanchikninka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
suyayniykunata	Possession by 1.sg
chinkarparinchik	None
hut'kuy	None
maqayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqta	None
ch'ipchiykama	Possession by 1.sg
hakuykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
waylluykukuna	Possession by 1.pl.excl
añaychanki	None
kukankunnaq	Possession by 3.pl
qawaykikunapura	Possession by 2.sg
pirqaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
qhawana	None
pachata	None
chuntanchikkunapi	Possession by 1.pl.incl
anqusasqanku	None
parasaq	None
atillchaykichikpaq	Possession by 2.pl
tupayniykunapura	Possession by 1.sg
aklluykachan	None
kunayniykikunakama	Possession by 2.sg
achiwaykunalla	Possession by 1.sg
apanqurankukuna	Possession by 3.pl
achkachaspa	None
llamaykupaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
armankukunannaq	Possession by 3.pl
wiñarqan	None
killaymanta	Possession by 1.sg
k'uychichawninkuta	Possession by 3.pl
qalla	None
kawsasqan	None
q'awaykichikkunapi	Possession by 2.pl
ispayninkupura	Possession by 3.pl
riy	None
yachasunchik	None
kunturninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
umalliykichikkunakama	Possession by 2.pl
aymurayniykikunalla	Possession by 2.sg
haywayniykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
llamanwan	Possession by 3.sg
yanusqa	None
qispichiyniyrayku	Possession by 1.sg
qallaykichikkunapura	Possession by 2.pl
k'uychinhina	Possession by 3.sg
huchankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
ch'umanqa	None
qarayniykichikpa	Possession by 2.pl
qallariyniykichikninka	Possession by 2.pl
kunturninkurayku	Possession by 3.pl
illapayta	Possession by 1.sg
tukuchinku	None
uhunkukunapi	Possession by 3.pl
k'allampanchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
chirispa	None
pikchunkumanta	Possession by 3.pl
aysayniykukama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
khachunrayku	Possession by 3.sg
qusinchikkunapura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
t'antanchikkunanka	Possession by 1.pl.incl
llaqwayniykipura	Possession by 2.sg
intikunalla	None
qarayniykukunaman	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tusuyniykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
tampuykunantin	Possession by 1.sg
tampuykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
saruypura	None
suyakuyykunarayku	Possession by 1.sg
sayk'uyninkukunamanta	Possession by 3.pl
rantikuyniyki	Possession by 2.sg
tamyaykukunakama	Possession by 1.pl.excl
qallankunaman	Possession by 3.sg
sinq'ayninkukunalla	Possession by 3.pl
tupuyninkukunata	Possession by 3.pl
wallpayniykukunawan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
phinkiyninkunahina	Possession by 3.sg
sipisqa	None
khallkiykilla	Possession by 2.sg
ispayninkukunap	Possession by 3.pl
ullantankupura	Possession by 3.pl
watunkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
ch'ipchiynintin	Possession by 1.sg
puchkayninkupa	Possession by 3.pl
wanakuykukunarayku	Possession by 1.pl.excl
aychayta	Possession by 1.sg
wachayniykuntin	Possession by 1.pl.excl
urqukunanka	None
awanaykichikkunamanta	Possession by 2.pl
alqa	None
pallayykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
mit'ay	Possession by 1.sg
harawachun	None
hark'aykikunannaq	Possession by 2.sg
hark'ayniyki	Possession by 2.sg
unquyniykuhina	Possession by 1.pl.excl
pach'ankunata	Possession by 3.sg
qataykunanka	Possession by 1.sg
inkillniykunahina	Possession by 1.sg
utqayniymanta	Possession by 1.sg
wathiyanchikkunata	Possession by 1.pl.incl
rantina	None
paniykukunap	Possession by 1.pl.excl
ispayniykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
thatkiylla	Possession by 1.sg
pikchuypa	Possession by 1.sg
sayayniykukunannaq	Possession by 1.pl.excl
t'aqsaq	None
mamanchikta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
amakuchuychu	None
mit'anchikkunakama	Possession by 1.pl.incl
thitinpa	Possession by 3.sg
wasiykikunamanta	Possession by 2.sg
kinaykikunapaq	Possession by 2.sg
paniykihina	Possession by 2.sg
llaqwayninkuwan	Possession by 3.pl
amach'akichikuchunkuchu	None
tiksisaq	None
umallinnaq	None
q'apayniykichikkuna	Possession by 2.pl
mallkiykulla	Possession by 1.pl.excl
simp'ankumanta	Possession by 3.pl
sisaywan	Possession by 1.sg
kayninmanta	Possession by 3.sg
watukuyniy	Possession by 1.sg
qinchasqanchik	None
kawsayniykuwan	Possession by 1.pl.excl
waqanku	None
rantikuyninchikpura	Possession by 1.pl.incl
hinaspa	None
q'apayniykupura	Possession by 1.pl.excl
muchuyninchikkunamanta	Possession by 1.pl.incl
ullantankulla	Possession by 3.pl
p'ampayhina	Possession by 1.sg
ñukñu	None
chanrararasqanku	None
watuyninchikkunahina	Possession by 1.pl.incl
qhawayniykichikmanta	Possession by 2.pl
yañanmanta	Possession by 3.sg
ullantaypa	Possession by 1.sg
llasaypaq	Possession by 1.sg
achisqan	None
llaqtapi	None
huñunakuy	None
qallankunamanta	Possession by 3.sg
umallinwan	Possession by 3.sg
q'ipikunawan	None
thitinkukunanka	Possession by 3.pl
hawiyniykunaman	Possession by 1.sg
