gönlün	Possession by 2.sg
yıldırımı	Possession by 3.sg
örs	None
tekrarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
meleğimi	Possession by 3.pl
dileklerin	Possession by 2.sg
cesetleri	None
parçalanmasına	Possession by 3.sg
müdürün	Possession by 2.sg
kirazlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
alyanlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
tipografin	Possession by 2.sg
bıçakların	Possession by 2.sg
dizisini	Possession by 3.sg
seviyorsunuz	None
oyuncaklara	None
bildirirler	None
penisilinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
huzurlarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
bıyığı	Possession by 3.sg
yarışması	Possession by 3.sg
şaha	None
derleyicisi	Possession by 3.sg
ölümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kozanda	Possession by 2.sg
yoğurtçularız	None
çorabın	Possession by 2.sg
ikizi	Possession by 3.sg
merdivenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ayılarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
magmalarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kesiyordu	None
isin	Possession by 2.sg
şuurun	Possession by 2.sg
rakamlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
ahtapotu	Possession by 3.sg
gömleklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kalplerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
mucizemden	Possession by 3.pl
hayırseverin	Possession by 2.sg
doğruculuklarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
gereksinimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tanışıyordu	None
kocasından	Possession by 3.sg
kravatı	Possession by 3.sg
alanın	Possession by 2.sg
şehveti	Possession by 3.sg
bilmezsiniz	None
yörenin	Possession by 2.sg
bugünüm	Possession by 3.pl
günlüklere	None
birleşti	None
fikriniz	Possession by 2.pl
altın	Possession by 2.sg
hastalıkların	Possession by 2.sg
krakerlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
kakacağım	None
iblis	None
sanatların	Possession by 2.sg
parçacıklara	None
ecelin	Possession by 2.sg
malların	Possession by 2.sg
süpürge	None
kansızlıklarımı	Possession by 3.pl
defteri	Possession by 3.sg
sahnesinde	Possession by 3.sg
içgüdüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
uğratacak	None
sezondan	None
çarşılarımız	Possession by 1.pl
mancınıkların	Possession by 2.sg
düklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
listenin	Possession by 2.sg
sunulardın	None
vücudu	None
embriyonu	Possession by 2.sg
işlevde	None
giderimi	Possession by 3.pl
travmaların	Possession by 2.sg
balıkçılarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
boşalacak	None
kirpiği	None
eğlenceydiler	None
hikâye	None
keşi	Possession by 3.sg
eşyaydım	None
unun	Possession by 2.sg
gecesinde	Possession by 3.sg
listesinde	Possession by 3.sg
sevgililerin	Possession by 2.sg
nöronların	Possession by 2.sg
fırçanın	Possession by 2.sg
gençliğimin	Possession by 3.pl
kolanı	Possession by 2.sg
kalfası	Possession by 3.sg
mezarlığımın	Possession by 3.pl
gözlem	None
verisi	Possession by 3.sg
yanıta	None
otobüsü	Possession by 3.sg
tarafımı	Possession by 3.pl
çapaya	None
tarafıma	Possession by 3.pl
bamyayız	None
dersi	Possession by 3.sg
davranışçılığın	Possession by 2.sg
taraflarım	Possession by 3.pl
dövmesini	Possession by 3.sg
tarihçisinin	Possession by 3.sg
önerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
hatalarım	Possession by 3.pl
yufkaların	Possession by 2.sg
gitmeme	Possession by 3.pl
eğlenmiyordu	None
özneler	None
tayfa	None
yazmamın	Possession by 3.pl
filmlerin	Possession by 2.sg
muzu	Possession by 3.sg
entrikalar	None
filmi	Possession by 3.sg
şovdan	None
demedi	None
uyarın	Possession by 2.sg
irkenekte	None
başkanımız	Possession by 1.pl
perisini	Possession by 3.sg
şüphemiz	Possession by 1.pl
sahibim	Possession by 3.pl
ısılarımın	Possession by 3.pl
böğürtleninizden	Possession by 2.pl
gezer	None
yüzmesini	Possession by 3.sg
sporcusu	Possession by 3.sg
acıma	Possession by 3.pl
kuralım	Possession by 3.pl
geçersin	None
müzede	None
ölümüm	Possession by 3.pl
tercümelerin	None
sakalı	Possession by 3.sg
cephesinde	Possession by 3.sg
temizlerim	None
üreticisi	Possession by 3.sg
sözleşmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
taslakların	Possession by 2.sg
gülünçleşeceğim	None
evrenin	Possession by 2.sg
demlerler	None
parçalanmasından	Possession by 3.sg
düğünlerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
ayının	Possession by 2.sg
vikipedistim	Possession by 3.pl
parçalanmasını	Possession by 3.sg
milyarderlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
müracaatlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
elmandan	Possession by 2.sg
rüyası	Possession by 3.sg
hareketliliğin	Possession by 2.sg
cemaati	Possession by 3.sg
ölmezler	None
sorusunu	Possession by 3.sg
koruma	Possession by 3.pl
bankanın	Possession by 2.sg
sinagogların	Possession by 2.sg
müezzinin	Possession by 2.sg
önü	Possession by 3.sg
leyleğin	Possession by 2.sg
piyanosunun	Possession by 3.sg
arıyoruz	None
ışınım	Possession by 3.pl
kistler	None
yorumun	Possession by 2.sg
oya	None
kargalar	None
erimenin	Possession by 2.sg
benzeyecek	None
müzeleri	None
eklemelisiniz	None
teorisinden	Possession by 3.sg
takısı	Possession by 3.sg
efeymiş	None
sözleşmesine	Possession by 3.sg
vikipedistlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
geçmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kıydınız	None
uygulamama	Possession by 3.pl
patenlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
boşalmaya	None
sokağın	Possession by 2.sg
fakirleştirmeyeceğim	None
elçinin	Possession by 2.sg
başvurusundan	Possession by 3.sg
geçmesine	Possession by 3.sg
heyecandan	None
optimizasyonlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
otizmlere	None
geçiniyordu	None
ömrü	Possession by 3.sg
dudağı	Possession by 3.sg
vaziyette	None
haberlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kimliğimizi	Possession by 1.pl
çekice	None
kaderimi	Possession by 3.pl
sarımsaktan	None
maşamızın	Possession by 1.pl
fırçasını	Possession by 3.sg
yalanların	Possession by 2.sg
sönmüyorduk	None
aramaz	None
gübrende	Possession by 2.sg
zamanımızı	Possession by 1.pl
balıklar	None
toteme	None
nükleotitlerin	None
hahamların	Possession by 2.sg
kütüğün	Possession by 2.sg
deneyimlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
okulda	None
şüphede	None
röportajı	Possession by 3.sg
piyanoyu	None
fikrimizden	Possession by 1.pl
çiğdemin	None
parçası	Possession by 3.sg
başvuruma	Possession by 3.pl
homoseksüeller	None
vapuru	Possession by 3.sg
mucizesini	Possession by 3.sg
güvensizliğinizden	Possession by 2.pl
kaynaşıyordun	None
kalırız	None
çalgısının	Possession by 3.sg
medreseden	None
üçlüsünden	Possession by 3.sg
yapmasında	Possession by 3.sg
doktorların	Possession by 2.sg
molekülün	Possession by 2.sg
masumiyetler	None
akreplerimde	Possession by 3.pl
devinimi	Possession by 3.sg
sagası	Possession by 3.sg
dizisi	Possession by 3.sg
jiletlerim	Possession by 3.pl
basımdan	Possession by 3.pl
erkecelimizden	Possession by 1.pl
kuyusunun	Possession by 3.sg
aslım	Possession by 3.pl
evliliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kırığın	Possession by 2.sg
kılavuzu	Possession by 3.sg
muhallebinin	None
savunmayacaklar	None
elmasların	Possession by 2.sg
ninnilerin	Possession by 2.sg
tayfanın	Possession by 2.sg
yazmanız	Possession by 2.pl
kurutacağım	None
halkımızın	Possession by 1.pl
albatroslarımın	Possession by 3.pl
dağılmalarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
paradokstan	None
yardımlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
telofazımıza	Possession by 1.pl
ahtapot	None
kristallerin	None
gölgelerin	Possession by 2.sg
konduk	None
çamurun	Possession by 2.sg
atomu	Possession by 3.sg
korunması	Possession by 3.sg
işlevlerin	Possession by 2.sg
gaganın	None
kirazın	Possession by 2.sg
lokantasının	Possession by 3.sg
fikirlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
listesinden	Possession by 3.sg
içgüdülerime	Possession by 3.pl
aşkım	Possession by 3.pl
idaresi	Possession by 3.sg
karakteri	Possession by 3.sg
kumalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
öldürüyorlardı	None
önümüzde	Possession by 1.pl
grubumuza	Possession by 1.pl
telefonlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
semerlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
sınırlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
kibir	None
sunuyorlar	None
belimizde	Possession by 1.pl
depresyondan	None
hocamın	Possession by 3.pl
yumuşakçası	Possession by 3.sg
kalkmayacak	None
dövüşü	Possession by 3.sg
dalgaların	Possession by 2.sg
sızmıyor	None
silindirin	Possession by 2.sg
samuru	Possession by 3.sg
biçimin	Possession by 2.sg
topçusunun	Possession by 3.sg
yetkim	Possession by 3.pl
memelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
sağın	Possession by 2.sg
makaranın	Possession by 2.sg
işlemcisini	Possession by 3.sg
orangutanın	Possession by 2.sg
dilberlere	None
kardeşlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
vermedin	None
güreşçilere	None
sürprize	None
çatlaklarda	None
kalır	None
çarşıların	Possession by 2.sg
eklerimden	Possession by 3.pl
önemliliklere	None
göğsümde	Possession by 3.pl
geldiler	None
fahişenin	Possession by 2.sg
fikirlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
gençliklerimize	Possession by 1.pl
ışını	Possession by 3.sg
yüksüğüme	Possession by 3.pl
belediyesine	Possession by 3.sg
şahıslarda	None
wikinin	Possession by 2.sg
serverlerde	None
üzümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
hareketsizliği	Possession by 3.sg
güdüm	None
ablam	Possession by 3.pl
dilberi	Possession by 3.sg
geçmiyordu	None
sanırsınız	None
kolonu	Possession by 3.sg
tütünde	Possession by 2.sg
maçların	Possession by 2.sg
öbeğin	Possession by 2.sg
uyarıların	Possession by 2.sg
sebeplerin	Possession by 2.sg
tiyatroların	Possession by 2.sg
iletiyorum	None
kışkırtıyoruz	None
penisi	Possession by 3.sg
düşünüyordu	None
şatonun	Possession by 2.sg
istisnasını	Possession by 3.sg
tozların	Possession by 2.sg
ilkesi	Possession by 3.sg
kenarlar	None
tepkimesini	Possession by 3.sg
soğanın	Possession by 2.sg
mühendisler	None
öğrendim	None
devirlerden	None
öpücüklerinize	Possession by 2.pl
kameralarım	Possession by 3.pl
trenin	Possession by 2.sg
sağduyusunu	Possession by 3.sg
bahtsız	None
karantinasının	Possession by 3.sg
cezeryesinden	Possession by 3.sg
sundum	None
kazanın	Possession by 2.sg
zavarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
mıknatıstan	None
zigguratı	Possession by 3.sg
mikroorganizmaların	Possession by 2.sg
işlememiz	Possession by 1.pl
keşkekler	None
ilerisine	Possession by 3.sg
ekimden	Possession by 3.pl
şelalelerin	Possession by 2.sg
mihraplarımda	Possession by 3.pl
halkımın	Possession by 3.pl
eldivenin	Possession by 2.sg
tohumu	Possession by 3.sg
bayı	Possession by 3.sg
kapısını	Possession by 3.sg
mesuliyet	None
listenize	Possession by 2.pl
aletlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sunucular	None
dersimde	Possession by 3.pl
tütünden	Possession by 2.sg
maktamızın	Possession by 1.pl
dalmaz	None
romanı	Possession by 3.sg
ulamı	Possession by 3.sg
pusulanın	Possession by 2.sg
yangını	Possession by 3.sg
orfozlarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
oyumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
tarihçisine	Possession by 3.sg
kumandanın	Possession by 2.sg
izleyicisini	Possession by 3.sg
kaşesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yolculuğumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
bitmemi	Possession by 3.pl
âlimin	Possession by 2.sg
kaçıyorduk	None
bekliyorduk	None
yetiştiriyor	None
makinanın	Possession by 2.sg
yitmeyecekler	None
savaşı	Possession by 3.sg
paşaların	Possession by 2.sg
verilerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
örümceklerin	Possession by 2.sg
yörede	None
enstrümanı	Possession by 3.sg
listemizde	Possession by 1.pl
katarımda	Possession by 3.pl
sekmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
deseni	Possession by 3.sg
peronumuz	Possession by 1.pl
askerlerin	Possession by 2.sg
savaşıma	Possession by 3.pl
Musevilerin	Possession by 2.sg
şatosunda	Possession by 3.sg
içgüdüsü	Possession by 3.sg
yuvarlaacaksınız	None
jenerasyonu	Possession by 3.sg
haritasından	Possession by 3.sg
kandı	None
aletlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
çadır	None
avizesi	Possession by 3.sg
dışkının	Possession by 2.sg
âmâsına	Possession by 3.sg
tanrımızın	Possession by 1.pl
soğurmuyorlar	None
derecek	None
zurnanın	Possession by 2.sg
sinekliğim	Possession by 3.pl
fizikçiyi	None
gitarım	Possession by 3.pl
parçasında	Possession by 3.sg
miyolojiyi	None
tanda	None
öyküsünü	Possession by 3.sg
cücelerime	Possession by 3.pl
belleğin	Possession by 2.sg
teorem	None
yaralanmasını	Possession by 3.sg
tenisçinin	Possession by 2.sg
dervişlerden	None
penisin	Possession by 2.sg
karıştırmayacağız	None
destanların	Possession by 2.sg
korda	None
taksinin	Possession by 2.sg
öpücük	None
seçiciler	None
vapura	None
lastiği	Possession by 3.sg
polinomunuz	Possession by 2.pl
kolajlara	None
eğlencesinin	Possession by 3.sg
filimde	Possession by 3.pl
uykunun	None
interfazlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
bitimi	Possession by 3.sg
piyanomun	Possession by 3.pl
odakların	Possession by 2.sg
yazmamıza	Possession by 1.pl
akrabalara	None
çıkarıyordu	None
tavanımda	Possession by 3.pl
baltamdan	Possession by 3.pl
kesesini	Possession by 3.sg
kılların	Possession by 2.sg
meleğim	Possession by 3.pl
parçaların	Possession by 2.sg
basımı	Possession by 3.pl
deldi	None
çizgisinin	Possession by 3.sg
alanınız	Possession by 2.pl
sayfanızın	Possession by 2.pl
hançerler	None
kolejlerim	Possession by 3.pl
uzaylılar	None
kontesin	None
sezonların	Possession by 2.sg
sistemlere	None
sunağı	Possession by 3.sg
öküzlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ölürüm	None
çiftliğimde	Possession by 3.pl
fokun	Possession by 2.sg
geçiniyor	None
ulusunuz	Possession by 2.pl
birleşmesine	Possession by 3.sg
baharatımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
ekranı	Possession by 3.sg
senaryolarda	None
tekfuru	Possession by 3.sg
fitilin	Possession by 2.sg
hecenin	Possession by 2.sg
istemcilersin	None
kinematiklere	None
sivilceni	Possession by 2.sg
nenenin	Possession by 2.sg
istiyorlardı	None
başvurusu	Possession by 3.sg
ayrılmadan	None
yasasından	Possession by 3.sg
kaldırımımızı	Possession by 1.pl
Yahudisinin	Possession by 3.sg
atomların	Possession by 2.sg
çizgilerin	Possession by 2.sg
evrimi	Possession by 3.sg
yeterliği	Possession by 3.sg
yanar	None
tırtıl	None
yuvasını	Possession by 3.sg
coşkumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
bardağı	Possession by 3.sg
vademizin	Possession by 1.pl
piskoposların	Possession by 2.sg
Musevilerden	None
kestirmesini	Possession by 3.sg
çeliği	Possession by 3.sg
dinlenmesi	Possession by 3.sg
dergisinin	Possession by 3.sg
giydim	None
filmlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
kağıtlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
parmağı	Possession by 3.sg
derine	Possession by 2.sg
yeniliği	Possession by 3.sg
eniştesi	Possession by 3.sg
akrobatım	Possession by 3.pl
odağın	Possession by 2.sg
savaşçılarımız	Possession by 1.pl
bakirenin	Possession by 2.sg
sakinim	Possession by 3.pl
şişlik	None
makinası	Possession by 3.sg
benzerler	None
kıymeti	Possession by 3.sg
ikizin	Possession by 2.sg
aktrisimizi	Possession by 1.pl
prensibin	Possession by 2.sg
peder	None
tecrübelerin	Possession by 2.sg
koltukların	None
hesaba	None
sağrınız	Possession by 2.pl
sorumluluğumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
sonbaharın	Possession by 2.sg
yoğuruyorlar	None
duyusunu	Possession by 3.sg
noktası	Possession by 3.sg
umuyorlar	None
seçmemiz	Possession by 1.pl
tabanların	Possession by 2.sg
yontarım	None
bürümeyeceğim	None
koyun	Possession by 2.sg
cebi	Possession by 3.sg
motelin	Possession by 2.sg
itim	Possession by 3.pl
kocaların	Possession by 2.sg
ülkemizden	Possession by 1.pl
katı	Possession by 3.sg
büküldü	None
tanrın	Possession by 2.sg
çökeleğinizden	Possession by 2.pl
kilimlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
gizlendi	None
saçlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
ulusun	Possession by 2.sg
bazaltı	Possession by 3.sg
söğütlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kolonyamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
gazelin	Possession by 2.sg
ücretsizliğime	Possession by 3.pl
kuruyorum	None
erimesinden	Possession by 3.sg
derecesinde	Possession by 3.sg
omurgalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kraliçeliği	Possession by 3.sg
menünüzden	Possession by 2.pl
aktörün	Possession by 2.sg
menüsü	Possession by 3.sg
çıkmadım	None
yumurtalıklarımı	Possession by 3.pl
gitmenin	Possession by 2.sg
yağışı	Possession by 3.sg
mevzusunda	Possession by 3.sg
devingenliklerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
takacak	None
otostopçunun	Possession by 2.sg
cebe	None
yöre	None
yelkenlerdin	None
bayılmasına	Possession by 3.sg
önerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
fikrimden	Possession by 3.pl
nedenlerime	Possession by 3.pl
fenere	None
mükemmelliğe	None
korktuk	None
bitirdi	None
kıllarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
karız	None
idarelerin	Possession by 2.sg
sağduyunun	Possession by 2.sg
yasam	Possession by 3.pl
sezer	None
mucizenin	Possession by 2.sg
çalışmanın	Possession by 2.sg
kürkü	Possession by 3.sg
sıçanı	Possession by 3.sg
sindirimi	Possession by 3.sg
sivrisineğimi	Possession by 3.pl
maçı	Possession by 3.sg
filmden	None
koşulmadın	None
sorularınıza	Possession by 2.pl
adalemize	Possession by 1.pl
ilişkin	Possession by 2.sg
akrabanız	Possession by 2.pl
firavunun	Possession by 2.sg
kokularımı	Possession by 3.pl
köftenin	Possession by 2.sg
gruplarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kaçağı	Possession by 3.sg
asmadı	None
ayrılmıyor	None
çalışmalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
şemsiyesi	Possession by 3.sg
görüşümün	Possession by 3.pl
paylaştılar	None
kirazı	Possession by 3.sg
kuvvetlerdi	None
lehçesinde	Possession by 3.sg
gelinciğime	Possession by 3.pl
beldesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kodlar	None
deyimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kulüpte	None
oyunculardan	None
sakladım	None
ölülerin	Possession by 2.sg
uyur	None
platformdan	None
referanslarda	None
kocamın	Possession by 3.pl
konusunda	Possession by 3.sg
ustalardık	None
isyanım	Possession by 3.pl
takının	Possession by 2.sg
mutluluğun	Possession by 2.sg
papazların	Possession by 2.sg
konumdan	Possession by 3.pl
filozofların	Possession by 2.sg
hocamızın	Possession by 1.pl
bakmalarınız	Possession by 2.pl
yaratın	Possession by 2.sg
davranışım	Possession by 3.pl
geylerin	Possession by 2.sg
düklerin	Possession by 2.sg
fikrimin	Possession by 3.pl
destana	None
ongenin	None
üçlüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
şimal	None
sıralamaların	Possession by 2.sg
sülüsümüze	Possession by 1.pl
bardakta	None
olayımın	Possession by 3.pl
basketbolcusu	Possession by 3.sg
şivelerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
borcumuz	Possession by 1.pl
hazcılıklarda	None
müracaatı	Possession by 3.sg
arzunun	Possession by 2.sg
zeytinden	None
radyosuna	Possession by 3.sg
kapısının	Possession by 3.sg
finalden	None
yıkamazsın	None
askerlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
siğillerimde	Possession by 3.pl
savaşın	Possession by 2.sg
şarkıcılarıma	Possession by 3.pl
virgülü	Possession by 3.sg
hamızlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
daldık	None
memesinden	Possession by 3.sg
tepkimesine	Possession by 3.sg
iletkenlerde	None
ejderhadan	None
türümün	Possession by 3.pl
kaşı	Possession by 3.sg
sayfamızın	Possession by 1.pl
gönlümün	Possession by 3.pl
kılıç	None
odası	Possession by 3.sg
eziyetin	Possession by 2.sg
öğrenmem	None
neşeyi	None
gölgesinden	Possession by 3.sg
ölüden	None
kamçısının	Possession by 3.sg
akrabasının	Possession by 3.sg
bastırmasından	Possession by 3.sg
tiyatrosunu	Possession by 3.sg
kaplanların	Possession by 2.sg
eğlencelerin	Possession by 2.sg
memleketin	Possession by 2.sg
bileceğiz	None
maça	None
çıktım	Possession by 3.pl
rüzgârı	Possession by 3.sg
derim	Possession by 3.pl
yıldızım	Possession by 3.pl
uyarım	Possession by 3.pl
börülcesi	Possession by 3.sg
kaydı	Possession by 3.sg
katillerin	Possession by 2.sg
ağıdınızın	Possession by 2.pl
ekin	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
cenaze	None
hastalandı	None
pompalardan	None
pirinçten	None
çobanlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
kebabı	Possession by 3.sg
çadırın	Possession by 2.sg
başvurusunu	Possession by 3.sg
sayfalarınız	Possession by 2.pl
eğlenmedin	None
dublör	None
hastalıklarımız	Possession by 1.pl
soğurmuyoruz	None
öküzlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
parıltılar	None
yaptırıyoruz	None
yapmanıza	Possession by 2.pl
buzulu	Possession by 3.sg
tutulmasından	Possession by 3.sg
amcasının	Possession by 3.sg
topluluğumuza	Possession by 1.pl
plaklardan	None
sınırların	Possession by 2.sg
yöremizden	Possession by 1.pl
verisinin	Possession by 3.sg
şikâyetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
örüntünün	None
papatyalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
derginin	Possession by 2.sg
güzelliklerden	None
ısısını	Possession by 3.sg
çavuşun	Possession by 2.sg
tekrarın	Possession by 2.sg
bilgilerimi	Possession by 3.pl
yolların	Possession by 2.sg
gemin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanıcımız	Possession by 1.pl
tekilandan	Possession by 2.sg
yazmama	Possession by 3.pl
abacılarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
şirket	None
yetersizliğin	Possession by 2.sg
gecen	Possession by 2.sg
kuklalara	None
dinamitin	Possession by 2.sg
adalelerimin	Possession by 3.pl
müzikal	None
siste	None
içeceği	Possession by 3.sg
konunuz	Possession by 2.pl
eğitimin	Possession by 2.sg
kırığı	Possession by 3.sg
alanımda	Possession by 3.pl
kardeşlik	None
karantinamızda	Possession by 1.pl
frene	None
kullanacaksın	None
şikâyeti	Possession by 3.sg
kurdun	None
coşkusu	Possession by 3.sg
sonucu	Possession by 3.sg
koşucunun	Possession by 2.sg
yakutlarda	None
eniştesinin	Possession by 3.sg
üzgünsün	None
tabanımın	Possession by 3.pl
mektupların	Possession by 2.sg
sevgilisini	Possession by 3.sg
termometrenin	Possession by 2.sg
süspansuarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
yufkanın	Possession by 2.sg
dileğin	Possession by 2.sg
kapıdan	None
gollerin	Possession by 2.sg
hududunuza	Possession by 2.pl
yüzmesi	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübelerime	Possession by 3.pl
yazması	Possession by 3.sg
katamaranımın	Possession by 3.pl
temsilcisinden	Possession by 3.sg
içgüdülerin	Possession by 2.sg
başvurunuz	Possession by 2.pl
kolaylığın	Possession by 2.sg
kazama	Possession by 3.pl
sürekliliğin	Possession by 2.sg
sisteminize	Possession by 2.pl
zamanımda	Possession by 3.pl
alanıma	Possession by 3.pl
izledik	None
birliğin	Possession by 2.sg
şivelerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
dörtgeni	None
mayolarım	Possession by 3.pl
jelatinden	None
yetkilerim	Possession by 3.pl
pipimizi	Possession by 1.pl
dişlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
derecesinin	Possession by 3.sg
sorundan	Possession by 2.sg
dakikanın	Possession by 2.sg
uydusuna	Possession by 3.sg
kromozomlara	None
ofislerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kelebeğin	Possession by 2.sg
dışlarım	Possession by 3.pl
gelinciğin	Possession by 2.sg
silgiydiniz	None
teknolojide	None
ormanlarda	None
yarasının	Possession by 3.sg
vazonun	Possession by 2.sg
odunda	None
nöronun	Possession by 2.sg
papalardın	None
işkenceciliklerim	Possession by 3.pl
zeytini	Possession by 3.sg
evliliğin	Possession by 2.sg
gazetesi	Possession by 3.sg
faresini	Possession by 3.sg
muşmula	None
dudakların	Possession by 2.sg
döneminizden	Possession by 2.pl
çözeltide	None
buse	None
bacandan	Possession by 2.sg
yönetime	None
cevabıma	Possession by 3.pl
mahzenlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
sekmesini	Possession by 3.sg
eziyetler	None
kimliğim	Possession by 3.pl
bitiriyordu	None
yanardağlarda	None
mobilyası	Possession by 3.sg
zafere	None
alnı	Possession by 3.sg
teorilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yaratımdan	Possession by 3.pl
puanınıza	Possession by 2.pl
figüranların	Possession by 2.sg
teşkilatların	Possession by 2.sg
vahasına	Possession by 3.sg
fenerin	None
finişlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
vücutları	None
yayıncılık	None
yazmıyorlar	None
algoritmanın	Possession by 2.sg
gelinin	Possession by 2.sg
mısırlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
ortağım	Possession by 3.pl
dükkânı	Possession by 3.sg
müselleslerimize	Possession by 1.pl
kilisenin	Possession by 2.sg
götürüyorlardı	None
camilerin	Possession by 2.sg
evlendim	None
örsün	Possession by 2.sg
zavarımı	Possession by 3.pl
sarhoşluğun	None
topluluğun	Possession by 2.sg
leyleğinizde	Possession by 2.pl
disleksisi	Possession by 3.sg
sıralamasının	Possession by 3.sg
avcıymışsınız	None
önleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
seçmenizi	Possession by 2.pl
kalın	None
kovboylar	None
simyada	None
uçtular	None
fikirlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
bataryasının	Possession by 3.sg
mesafenin	None
fizikçilerimize	Possession by 1.pl
gazetelere	None
lazerlerin	None
zurnanıza	Possession by 2.pl
homurdanmanın	Possession by 2.sg
avukatımız	Possession by 1.pl
tandırın	Possession by 2.sg
giysilersiniz	None
iskenderlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yetenekliler	None
alemde	None
alanlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
pede	None
tutkusunu	Possession by 3.sg
aşçısı	Possession by 3.sg
yolcularımıza	Possession by 1.pl
istisnaların	Possession by 2.sg
geyiğin	Possession by 2.sg
fakültelerin	Possession by 2.sg
yığmıyor	None
yörüngeler	None
der	None
şampiyonlukların	Possession by 2.sg
lezzetin	Possession by 2.sg
kapısına	Possession by 3.sg
göstereceğiz	None
derece	None
kullarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
düşmüyor	None
üreticilerin	Possession by 2.sg
koydular	None
şerbetçiliklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
topluluğumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
mayosunu	Possession by 3.sg
kılavuzların	Possession by 2.sg
dağıtımı	Possession by 3.sg
derisinden	Possession by 3.sg
savaşımda	Possession by 3.pl
kurumu	Possession by 3.sg
kızdım	None
embriyosu	Possession by 3.sg
cephesinden	Possession by 3.sg
işçilerdir	None
radyoların	Possession by 2.sg
belediyelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kaçmayacak	None
uydundan	Possession by 2.sg
binmezsiniz	None
ilimler	None
perin	Possession by 2.sg
solucanların	Possession by 2.sg
baltasını	Possession by 3.sg
fahişesi	Possession by 3.sg
madenlere	None
çalışmama	Possession by 3.pl
kardeşlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
hanımımı	Possession by 3.pl
sahifesi	Possession by 3.sg
parçalanıyordu	None
nihayete	None
tohumların	Possession by 2.sg
savunmuyorum	None
sabahların	Possession by 2.sg
aşçıların	Possession by 2.sg
alanların	Possession by 2.sg
vitrini	Possession by 3.sg
barıştan	None
sayfası	Possession by 3.sg
dinozorların	Possession by 2.sg
parçalandım	None
sporcusunu	Possession by 3.sg
mezarlıkların	Possession by 2.sg
omuzların	Possession by 2.sg
soğurmadı	None
taşacak	None
kayıkları	None
bitkisinin	Possession by 3.sg
ilmin	Possession by 2.sg
hikâyeleri	None
duymadım	None
mantıktan	None
şeyimi	Possession by 3.pl
kullanıcını	Possession by 2.sg
onguncularımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
kalbin	Possession by 2.sg
masallara	None
karneymişler	None
modası	Possession by 3.sg
mihraplarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
karanfilin	Possession by 2.sg
harçlığınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kutlamada	None
aynalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
sahibi	Possession by 3.sg
politikalara	None
sahnesini	Possession by 3.sg
dikkatinize	Possession by 2.pl
ortamlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
koleji	Possession by 3.sg
kireçten	None
vilayetten	None
kıyıya	None
çalışıyorduk	None
yapımcıyı	None
güçlüğüm	Possession by 3.pl
şampiyonun	Possession by 2.sg
yaymadınız	None
ehemmiyet	None
camimde	Possession by 3.pl
kulağın	Possession by 2.sg
belediyesi	Possession by 3.sg
tandır	None
dergisini	Possession by 3.sg
ayinden	None
ilimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
görüntüyü	None
mısra	None
perisi	Possession by 3.sg
önerilerim	Possession by 3.pl
fikirleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
önerilerimi	Possession by 3.pl
bahçıvanın	Possession by 2.sg
doğusu	Possession by 3.sg
kilisesi	Possession by 3.sg
dağıtımdan	None
ararlar	None
penisilinin	Possession by 2.sg
seçici	None
hemşirelere	None
dolaplarda	None
değişkenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
cesede	None
çileklerde	None
sapanı	Possession by 3.sg
arkadaşlığın	Possession by 2.sg
karpuzu	Possession by 3.sg
mekiği	Possession by 3.sg
modellerin	Possession by 2.sg
çileği	Possession by 3.sg
plakların	Possession by 2.sg
yavrusunun	Possession by 3.sg
yörüngesini	Possession by 3.sg
yakınız	None
kalmıyor	None
bağımlılıkların	Possession by 2.sg
pehlivandık	None
tanesi	Possession by 3.sg
uçağa	None
emniyetlere	None
mayan	Possession by 2.sg
önler	None
yapmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
kullanıcının	Possession by 2.sg
belin	Possession by 2.sg
türün	Possession by 2.sg
çil	None
saksafonu	Possession by 3.sg
otonu	Possession by 2.sg
damatlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
yakalar	None
yongaların	Possession by 2.sg
mayasında	Possession by 3.sg
kahramanımız	Possession by 1.pl
falı	Possession by 3.sg
övgülerde	None
dikdörtgeni	Possession by 3.sg
filin	Possession by 2.sg
yarımadada	None
mistiğinizin	Possession by 2.pl
papatyası	Possession by 3.sg
kümbetin	Possession by 2.sg
kızgın	None
evrimlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
ürkmedim	None
mermileriz	None
adımdan	Possession by 3.pl
şakamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
dilberlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
içgüdülere	None
listen	Possession by 2.sg
karnelerdin	None
maktalarda	None
öğrenecek	None
bilgilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
konunda	Possession by 2.sg
dişlisi	Possession by 3.sg
lügat	None
güdümi	Possession by 3.sg
işlevin	Possession by 2.sg
bülbülü	Possession by 3.sg
güçlüklerin	Possession by 2.sg
karanfiller	None
yeterliliği	Possession by 3.sg
çandan	None
vefatı	Possession by 3.sg
makarasının	Possession by 3.sg
hastalıklar	None
kamerasının	Possession by 3.sg
dönüş	None
teorisinin	Possession by 3.sg
fakültesi	Possession by 3.sg
tatlarda	None
ilişkilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
beldelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
köylüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
başlangıcımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
diyordum	None
şarkıcılığı	None
çavuşların	Possession by 2.sg
radarı	Possession by 3.sg
durumunuz	Possession by 2.pl
sayfanın	Possession by 2.sg
içyüzü	Possession by 3.sg
lenslerden	None
vekili	Possession by 3.sg
bedevinizi	Possession by 2.pl
sürüngenlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
güzellikten	None
garson	None
prensibi	Possession by 3.sg
krizler	None
caminin	Possession by 2.sg
boşalmasına	Possession by 3.sg
sayfasını	Possession by 3.sg
baharattan	None
üreticisine	Possession by 3.sg
tensöre	None
çadırların	Possession by 2.sg
ramazanın	Possession by 2.sg
askerim	Possession by 3.pl
üzülüyor	None
karanfillerin	Possession by 2.sg
keşkeğin	Possession by 2.sg
saksocuyu	None
fırtınasının	Possession by 3.sg
kirpilerin	Possession by 2.sg
teorilere	None
arpa	None
sıfatı	Possession by 3.sg
anketlerin	Possession by 2.sg
çökertilerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
manalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
tanımayacak	None
enstrümanıma	Possession by 3.pl
katilimi	Possession by 3.pl
yardımseverliği	Possession by 3.sg
öneriniz	Possession by 2.pl
volkanların	Possession by 2.sg
lokmalar	None
olayların	Possession by 2.sg
maskaramızı	Possession by 1.pl
tekliflere	None
peskütanınızı	Possession by 2.pl
evladım	Possession by 3.pl
azırlar	None
kuzgunlar	None
çarşafın	Possession by 2.sg
gelmedi	None
durumunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
sinagoglara	None
döker	None
nalı	Possession by 3.sg
cümleleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
yapımcının	None
odama	Possession by 3.pl
balıkçısı	Possession by 3.sg
ofisi	Possession by 3.sg
battaniyesi	Possession by 3.sg
konseyin	Possession by 2.sg
hindinizi	Possession by 2.pl
tanen	Possession by 2.sg
üzümlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
davrandılar	None
makarnası	Possession by 3.sg
ayakkabısı	Possession by 3.sg
konumda	Possession by 3.pl
tercümeyi	None
tiyatrolardan	None
kutusunun	Possession by 3.sg
akrabasını	Possession by 3.sg
ecemi	Possession by 3.pl
duymanın	Possession by 2.sg
ilçe	None
öykülerin	Possession by 2.sg
çevirimi	Possession by 3.sg
amcanın	Possession by 2.sg
sorusunun	Possession by 3.sg
incilerin	Possession by 2.sg
integrali	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmaların	Possession by 2.sg
konunun	Possession by 2.sg
saklar	None
ölçüldü	None
gürzlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
bitkisi	Possession by 3.sg
modele	None
öğretilerde	None
konuğun	None
örtüsü	Possession by 3.sg
deyimlerde	None
şehrim	Possession by 3.pl
sepetin	Possession by 2.sg
makarna	None
koşucular	None
kaplumbağanın	Possession by 2.sg
yağlardan	None
yengecin	Possession by 2.sg
önbilgilerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
kaşların	Possession by 2.sg
altım	Possession by 3.pl
işlemelerin	Possession by 2.sg
aşkların	Possession by 2.sg
idarenin	Possession by 2.sg
sultanı	Possession by 3.sg
erkekliği	Possession by 3.sg
girdaplar	None
kalenin	Possession by 2.sg
yalanı	Possession by 3.sg
tutuşturur	None
dinozorunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
hecesi	Possession by 3.sg
şokların	None
klatratımın	Possession by 3.pl
saymıyoruz	None
müşterilere	None
savaşçısı	Possession by 3.sg
çizerler	None
çıkarıyorsunuz	None
yarasından	Possession by 3.sg
tensörler	None
dumanı	Possession by 3.sg
sayfasından	Possession by 3.sg
örümceğin	Possession by 2.sg
ustanın	Possession by 2.sg
cevaptan	None
topolojisine	Possession by 3.sg
kaseti	Possession by 3.sg
dövmenin	Possession by 2.sg
finallerin	Possession by 2.sg
yardımcılığı	Possession by 3.sg
anarşilere	None
heyetin	Possession by 2.sg
köpürtürler	None
alnımın	Possession by 3.pl
lokantası	Possession by 3.sg
örslerimden	Possession by 3.pl
yalıtım	None
oyuncusu	Possession by 3.sg
yöremize	Possession by 1.pl
deposundan	Possession by 3.sg
silindirlerde	None
akrabası	Possession by 3.sg
ördeğimizde	Possession by 1.pl
batı	None
sistemimizden	Possession by 1.pl
koylarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
takvimlere	None
dalgalandı	None
sıfatların	Possession by 2.sg
kitabesini	Possession by 3.sg
yetkinizin	Possession by 2.pl
duyularımız	Possession by 1.pl
adınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
buzullara	None
aletsiniz	None
dalağımızda	Possession by 1.pl
klorofile	None
bastırmana	Possession by 2.sg
yaratımı	Possession by 3.pl
tekrarlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
torunlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
yatağınızın	Possession by 2.pl
buzullardan	None
anüsün	Possession by 2.sg
tensörlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kuralımız	Possession by 1.pl
yasağın	Possession by 2.sg
topolojinin	Possession by 2.sg
ayısını	Possession by 3.sg
kapsamın	Possession by 2.sg
çoğulun	Possession by 2.sg
öce	None
göstermedi	None
yaratmasından	Possession by 3.sg
patronu	Possession by 3.sg
boşalmasının	Possession by 3.sg
makarnanın	Possession by 2.sg
dizini	Possession by 2.sg
verimsizleştirmiyordu	None
kelebeğim	Possession by 3.pl
ikizinizden	Possession by 2.pl
manasına	Possession by 3.sg
gelinlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
katılıyorsunuz	None
hatasına	Possession by 3.sg
bamyanın	Possession by 2.sg
duvarın	Possession by 2.sg
doğa	None
evliliklerde	None
animasyonun	Possession by 2.sg
üçlünün	Possession by 2.sg
kuvvetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ceylanım	Possession by 3.pl
acısı	Possession by 3.sg
şalvarın	Possession by 2.sg
araçlara	None
fabrikanın	None
mısırlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
dalıyordum	None
peçetelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kumandasında	Possession by 3.sg
vidanın	Possession by 2.sg
özürlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
şehirlerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
önerileriniz	Possession by 2.pl
önemlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
heyecanlandırtıyordum	None
gitmemize	Possession by 1.pl
plağın	Possession by 2.sg
okulumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
baltanın	Possession by 2.sg
kelebeklerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
tepkimeden	None
yaseminler	None
bankasından	Possession by 3.sg
öldürdünüz	None
kullanımlara	None
tarafta	None
kalbi	Possession by 3.sg
adalesinde	Possession by 3.sg
rehine	None
maskesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yaralanmaların	Possession by 2.sg
kalplerin	Possession by 2.sg
bohçalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
donatımı	Possession by 3.sg
öğretmenlerden	None
vidası	Possession by 3.sg
mahzenin	Possession by 2.sg
görüntünün	Possession by 2.sg
belleği	Possession by 3.sg
uzağım	Possession by 3.pl
tavernasında	Possession by 3.sg
kitabelerin	Possession by 2.sg
huzuru	Possession by 3.sg
jölemde	Possession by 3.pl
doğurdu	None
konserin	Possession by 2.sg
midyesi	Possession by 3.sg
sayımların	Possession by 2.sg
köylümüz	Possession by 1.pl
referansın	Possession by 2.sg
dizinin	Possession by 2.sg
kolaylığı	Possession by 3.sg
eğitmezsin	None
işlemedim	None
eteklerin	Possession by 2.sg
teklifimde	Possession by 3.pl
güneşleri	None
hikâyelerde	None
halkımızı	Possession by 1.pl
görmüyor	None
vitrine	None
platformu	Possession by 3.sg
pehlivanın	Possession by 2.sg
teşhiri	Possession by 3.sg
yontuyordunuz	None
külü	Possession by 3.sg
şelalede	None
deneyimize	Possession by 1.pl
arpalarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
oyun	Possession by 2.sg
sağlarmış	None
huzurum	Possession by 3.pl
meşesi	Possession by 3.sg
kameran	Possession by 2.sg
yaralarım	Possession by 3.pl
günüm	Possession by 3.pl
beldesinde	Possession by 3.sg
haritaların	Possession by 2.sg
çarşısına	Possession by 3.sg
şamisene	None
ipeği	Possession by 3.sg
eceni	Possession by 2.sg
imambayıldılarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
travması	Possession by 3.sg
eriyiklerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
finişime	Possession by 3.pl
modeli	Possession by 3.sg
iğnesinin	Possession by 3.sg
çökeltinin	Possession by 2.sg
masasından	Possession by 3.sg
kutsallıkların	None
itlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
çalışmalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
iyileştirdin	None
birleşmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
çirkinlik	None
tiyatrolarımı	Possession by 3.pl
çetesi	Possession by 3.sg
çeten	Possession by 2.sg
bilgilerinize	Possession by 2.pl
fikirlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
kullandık	None
kaynıyorum	None
levreği	Possession by 3.sg
lunaparkın	Possession by 2.sg
sanatımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kazmasını	Possession by 3.sg
edebiyatımızda	Possession by 1.pl
vahasında	Possession by 3.sg
geyşaydılar	None
bireyin	None
incirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
uzaklara	None
demez	None
yalıyordun	None
silindirlerden	None
kırışıklığımız	Possession by 1.pl
hecelerde	None
gösterilerin	Possession by 2.sg
gecenin	Possession by 2.sg
küllerin	Possession by 2.sg
Tiranlıymışım	None
menüye	None
bileşikler	None
pusulalarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
sülüsümüz	Possession by 1.pl
hatırımız	Possession by 1.pl
kullanmanı	Possession by 2.sg
papanın	Possession by 2.sg
animasyonu	Possession by 3.sg
lezzetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ağlaşamıyorsun	None
içgüdü	None
buzullardı	None
iskelet	None
yaprakta	None
basınlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
amacım	Possession by 3.pl
yıldızlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
zamanımızın	Possession by 1.pl
standı	Possession by 3.sg
davranışlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
önünüze	Possession by 2.pl
köylüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
pelikanlara	None
önde	None
uçlardan	None
pusulasında	Possession by 3.sg
intiharların	Possession by 2.sg
yetkimi	Possession by 3.pl
milyarder	None
örtmezler	None
tavuklara	None
huzurlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
biralara	None
geçmeniz	Possession by 2.pl
ateşime	Possession by 3.pl
kıyısı	Possession by 3.sg
görüşlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
pastırmaydınız	None
kürke	None
klitorisi	Possession by 3.sg
zağarlardı	None
omuzun	Possession by 2.sg
ışıkların	Possession by 2.sg
ulamlarda	None
yağışlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
karınlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
döneriz	None
güvercinlermişiz	None
öğrencinin	Possession by 2.sg
taklidin	Possession by 2.sg
popomuz	Possession by 1.pl
yorgunluğa	None
şamarlamadık	None
geçmesini	Possession by 3.sg
peçetelerden	None
kazanı	Possession by 2.sg
kloroplastların	Possession by 2.sg
çalışmalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
güvenliliklerim	Possession by 3.pl
sunucuna	Possession by 2.sg
amacı	Possession by 3.sg
sunusunu	Possession by 3.sg
kapaktan	None
adınızı	Possession by 2.pl
jaguarı	None
baslarımda	Possession by 3.pl
bağırsaklarda	None
votkasının	Possession by 3.sg
beklemeden	None
politikayı	None
tutkusuna	Possession by 3.sg
başarılı	None
senaryolar	None
sivrisineklerin	Possession by 2.sg
işlemcisine	Possession by 3.sg
devingenliklere	None
günahın	Possession by 2.sg
grubu	Possession by 3.sg
yetkinizi	Possession by 2.pl
heyet	None
dinozoru	Possession by 3.sg
tiyatromuz	Possession by 1.pl
süspansuarlardan	None
bağım	Possession by 3.pl
hazcılığımıza	Possession by 1.pl
fonksiyonlar	None
parçanın	Possession by 2.sg
koruyucuların	Possession by 2.sg
müşterisinin	Possession by 3.sg
ülkemin	Possession by 3.pl
tariflerin	Possession by 2.sg
fizikçinin	Possession by 2.sg
leşi	Possession by 3.sg
tasarrufu	Possession by 3.sg
eğlencenin	Possession by 2.sg
iribaştan	None
öğreniyorlar	None
nefretimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kılavuz	None
tuvaletlerin	None
çarpın	Possession by 2.sg
kantini	Possession by 3.sg
oyuncusundan	Possession by 3.sg
prezervatifi	Possession by 3.sg
kardeşim	Possession by 3.pl
görüşün	Possession by 2.sg
çöllerin	Possession by 2.sg
işletimin	Possession by 2.sg
geyime	Possession by 3.pl
elçisinin	Possession by 3.sg
sanırım	None
çipi	Possession by 3.sg
odam	Possession by 3.pl
bilgin	Possession by 2.sg
noktalardır	None
finali	Possession by 3.sg
medresesinden	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübesini	Possession by 3.sg
başrahipden	None
unum	Possession by 3.pl
yoğurtçularımı	Possession by 3.pl
velet	None
tiyatrosuna	Possession by 3.sg
ışınların	Possession by 2.sg
efesi	Possession by 3.sg
birlikteliğin	Possession by 2.sg
boksumdan	Possession by 3.pl
derin	Possession by 2.sg
gülüşünüz	Possession by 2.pl
seçilmez	None
cezeryemizin	Possession by 1.pl
akrabasına	Possession by 3.sg
defterimden	Possession by 3.pl
çırağa	None
hacım	Possession by 3.pl
misafirim	Possession by 3.pl
kaynıyor	None
yayımcılığı	Possession by 3.sg
aldım	None
yolculuklarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
âmânızı	Possession by 2.pl
öğretim	Possession by 3.pl
yakınım	Possession by 3.pl
böreği	Possession by 3.sg
fikrimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kulun	Possession by 2.sg
satılıyorsunuz	None
karakterden	None
sosisi	Possession by 3.sg
sürücüsü	Possession by 3.sg
indirimimize	Possession by 1.pl
rotoru	Possession by 3.sg
kazanacak	None
kolikamı	Possession by 3.pl
pancarın	Possession by 2.sg
odamız	Possession by 1.pl
çapmışsınız	None
gökdelenler	None
hanımların	Possession by 2.sg
yanıtım	Possession by 3.pl
fırtınalarda	None
almadık	None
odasından	Possession by 3.sg
edatlar	None
değiştiririz	None
kedicikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
cevabı	Possession by 3.sg
süslerin	Possession by 2.sg
kapısı	Possession by 3.sg
aletlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
sabahı	Possession by 3.sg
şüphelerimi	Possession by 3.pl
ahududu	None
yolundurtacaksın	None
kozan	Possession by 2.sg
papatyaların	Possession by 2.sg
vaktimiz	Possession by 1.pl
özürlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
tümörlerde	None
soğur	None
tekrarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
lordların	Possession by 2.sg
teoremi	Possession by 3.sg
samurlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
enfeksiyondan	None
saçlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
protestoların	Possession by 2.sg
haçı	Possession by 3.sg
bedevilersin	None
yanıtınız	Possession by 2.pl
böbreklerin	Possession by 2.sg
vazolarsın	None
kategorisinin	Possession by 3.sg
yapıştı	None
gönlüme	Possession by 3.pl
korkmuyoruz	None
çetesinde	Possession by 3.sg
fahişelerin	Possession by 2.sg
hatalarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
sekmeyi	None
yoğurdun	Possession by 2.sg
fikrinizi	Possession by 2.pl
armudu	None
şelalesine	Possession by 3.sg
Aşkabatlılarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
cevherlerden	None
içeceğin	Possession by 2.sg
kutusuna	Possession by 3.sg
parçalanması	Possession by 3.sg
kimliklerimde	Possession by 3.pl
severler	None
okulların	Possession by 2.sg
dinletisinde	Possession by 3.sg
bölümümüz	Possession by 1.pl
özetin	Possession by 2.sg
virgülden	None
memleketimden	Possession by 3.pl
ustasının	Possession by 3.sg
sunucuların	Possession by 2.sg
umuyordu	None
oyuncularımız	Possession by 1.pl
yüzeylere	None
çıttan	None
diskoteğe	None
tanrısından	Possession by 3.sg
islerin	Possession by 2.sg
duylarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
gençliğin	Possession by 2.sg
sattı	None
aşiretlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
tüylerin	Possession by 2.sg
bitirdik	None
deneyimlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
burktu	None
cadının	None
onardı	None
vaftiz	None
volkanın	Possession by 2.sg
yıpratmazsın	None
yumurtanın	Possession by 2.sg
mısradan	None
lezyonların	Possession by 2.sg
isterler	None
pehlivanların	Possession by 2.sg
kalmayacağım	None
mutluluğu	Possession by 3.sg
dullarım	Possession by 3.pl
ayırmaz	None
Duşanbelisini	Possession by 3.sg
kâğıdın	Possession by 2.sg
kazaların	Possession by 2.sg
tarifinizi	Possession by 2.pl
aşkın	Possession by 2.sg
popondan	Possession by 2.sg
iskenderin	Possession by 2.sg
nedenim	Possession by 3.pl
içlik	None
aktöre	None
tadımı	Possession by 3.pl
yaprağın	Possession by 2.sg
jokeyimde	Possession by 3.pl
demeyeceğim	None
vaktimin	Possession by 3.pl
mantığın	Possession by 2.sg
askerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
merminin	Possession by 2.sg
yengeçlerin	Possession by 2.sg
açtık	None
dadanmayacaklar	None
bulguru	Possession by 3.sg
izolasyondan	None
sunumu	Possession by 3.pl
üzümün	Possession by 2.sg
tuşlardan	None
işlemcimde	Possession by 3.pl
sonbaharlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
sürüne	Possession by 2.sg
tarafların	Possession by 2.sg
konumu	Possession by 3.pl
yolcunun	Possession by 2.sg
değişkenlersiniz	None
enişteyi	None
afiyetlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
sistemimizi	Possession by 1.pl
modasında	Possession by 3.sg
tacizi	None
surede	None
birleşmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
dizdiler	None
tutulmasına	Possession by 3.sg
taksim	Possession by 3.pl
evrime	None
ehemmiyeti	Possession by 3.sg
sonun	Possession by 2.sg
lastiğimizin	Possession by 1.pl
element	None
dülgeri	None
pilavın	Possession by 2.sg
desende	None
yedeğimizi	Possession by 1.pl
enstrümantallerinize	Possession by 2.pl
eğriyi	None
taşımam	None
alnım	Possession by 3.pl
yörüngesine	Possession by 3.sg
mutluluğa	None
süzmeyeceğim	None
dağılmasından	Possession by 3.sg
bombasına	Possession by 3.sg
cenazesinden	Possession by 3.sg
bölgelerin	Possession by 2.sg
donması	Possession by 3.sg
konusundan	Possession by 3.sg
topolojilerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
katmayacak	None
ekonomisti	None
fırçayı	None
karnı	Possession by 3.sg
şarkıcısını	Possession by 3.sg
arzuların	Possession by 2.sg
ömrümden	Possession by 3.pl
katımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
hatalardan	None
sokağı	Possession by 3.sg
lahanası	Possession by 3.sg
savaşlarda	None
seçicisi	Possession by 3.sg
fotoğrafçıydılar	None
uzunlukların	Possession by 2.sg
leblebinin	Possession by 2.sg
tangalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
papası	Possession by 3.sg
yaptırırlar	None
öyküsünde	Possession by 3.sg
kocasına	Possession by 3.sg
tarafımdan	Possession by 3.pl
uyardılar	None
sahip	None
evreni	Possession by 3.sg
akbabalara	None
termometrelerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
inanıyordum	None
senaryosunun	Possession by 3.sg
çalacak	None
öldürmez	None
dönüşüme	Possession by 3.pl
şövalyelere	None
sınırımızı	Possession by 1.pl
cümlemin	Possession by 3.pl
şüphelerin	Possession by 2.sg
önünüzde	Possession by 2.pl
sagalarda	None
karıncaların	Possession by 2.sg
kimyacılar	None
çalışmalarımın	Possession by 3.pl
kader	None
erdemliymişim	None
bileşiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
bitmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yöresine	Possession by 3.sg
satışlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
asitte	None
klavyesi	Possession by 3.sg
merkezlerin	None
bahçelerin	Possession by 2.sg
akvaryumu	Possession by 3.sg
söyleşimi	Possession by 3.pl
mısralarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
darılmayacaksınız	None
bisküvisi	Possession by 3.sg
şampiyonluğun	Possession by 2.sg
boğazların	Possession by 2.sg
tutkudan	None
hatanın	Possession by 2.sg
bilgilere	None
savaşım	Possession by 3.pl
gösterisine	Possession by 3.sg
bekletmedik	None
kullanıcılarımız	Possession by 1.pl
taykonotlarız	None
sosu	Possession by 3.sg
şelalesinin	Possession by 3.sg
dizisinde	Possession by 3.sg
kalkan	None
sahnelere	None
aşımı	Possession by 3.pl
enflasyon	None
şahısı	Possession by 3.sg
şizofrenide	None
işlemesine	Possession by 3.sg
yağmasına	Possession by 3.sg
defterin	Possession by 2.sg
şikâyetin	Possession by 2.sg
güveni	Possession by 3.sg
sözcüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
derinin	Possession by 2.sg
bezmiyorduk	None
izlencesi	Possession by 3.sg
ateşim	Possession by 3.pl
hançere	None
önemsizliklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
saatte	None
sinematografımın	Possession by 3.pl
yüzeyi	Possession by 3.sg
girdabın	Possession by 2.sg
makinayı	None
sporcu	None
doğurmuyor	None
ağlamaya	None
teoremin	Possession by 2.sg
perdelerden	None
dalgıcımdan	Possession by 3.pl
karakolun	Possession by 2.sg
şarkıcım	Possession by 3.pl
yakana	Possession by 2.sg
tecrübelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
eziyetçilerden	None
algoritmasına	Possession by 3.sg
anlatıyorlar	None
radyosunda	Possession by 3.sg
eşiğin	Possession by 2.sg
küvetin	Possession by 2.sg
seveceksiniz	None
öğrencilerinize	Possession by 2.pl
büze	None
aseksüellerin	Possession by 2.sg
cevaplarımı	Possession by 3.pl
seçmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
eğitimden	None
yakanda	Possession by 2.sg
paşaydılar	None
cephesinin	Possession by 3.sg
silindiri	Possession by 3.sg
malı	Possession by 3.sg
devin	Possession by 2.sg
kumandasını	Possession by 3.sg
baykuşu	Possession by 3.sg
şarapçıydım	None
futbolcuların	Possession by 2.sg
kâğıtlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
önerilerinize	Possession by 2.pl
dönersin	None
manivelanın	Possession by 2.sg
ehemmiyetsizliğinize	Possession by 2.pl
ikizim	Possession by 3.pl
zahmet	None
uçurtmam	Possession by 3.pl
tabancalarda	None
müstahdemlermiş	None
şarkım	Possession by 3.pl
başvurum	Possession by 3.pl
kabalığı	Possession by 3.sg
üyeymişler	None
memen	Possession by 2.sg
gazetelerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
şaşırmadılar	None
bazımıza	Possession by 1.pl
flaşı	Possession by 3.sg
nişanlısının	Possession by 3.sg
takımda	Possession by 3.pl
yanıtlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
birayı	None
heyecanın	Possession by 2.sg
Türkçeleştirmiyordun	None
sisi	Possession by 3.sg
deneyimimden	Possession by 3.pl
kâinatın	Possession by 2.sg
iyeliği	Possession by 3.sg
monoloğu	Possession by 3.sg
imamların	Possession by 2.sg
mermisinden	Possession by 3.sg
karların	Possession by 2.sg
öznesinin	Possession by 3.sg
palyaçonun	Possession by 2.sg
sesçilersiniz	None
tavuğun	Possession by 2.sg
örter	None
çıktın	Possession by 2.sg
beklemedik	None
düğünümün	Possession by 3.pl
yeterliliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kararlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
tohumun	Possession by 2.sg
mikroorganizmada	None
müstahdemim	Possession by 3.pl
balkanlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
bürokrasinin	None
minaresi	Possession by 3.sg
kanatın	None
evlada	None
dünürü	Possession by 3.sg
kiliseni	Possession by 2.sg
üreticinin	Possession by 2.sg
mikroişlemci	None
kullanımımız	Possession by 1.pl
davranışlar	None
borç	None
gözler	None
gösterimden	Possession by 3.pl
mısralarda	None
gazetesini	Possession by 3.sg
yardımcınız	Possession by 2.pl
haritası	Possession by 3.sg
oyunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
teorinizden	Possession by 2.pl
tercihlerden	None
vadesine	Possession by 3.sg
kapılarda	None
savaşlara	None
hasreti	Possession by 3.sg
kusmamdan	Possession by 3.pl
şivelerin	Possession by 2.sg
zigguratlar	None
tahtın	Possession by 2.sg
balığın	Possession by 2.sg
pozisyonu	Possession by 3.sg
incirler	None
ilişkilerden	None
sayfalandırmalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
eksenin	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğrafın	Possession by 2.sg
yetkin	Possession by 2.sg
misafirin	Possession by 2.sg
görüşümüzü	Possession by 1.pl
ısırıkta	None
tabiyetlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
vurmadın	None
alınlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
eğlenmiyordum	None
nöronu	Possession by 3.sg
akciğeri	Possession by 3.sg
sınırın	Possession by 2.sg
paşasını	Possession by 3.sg
puanın	Possession by 2.sg
böbreklerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
ışınımı	Possession by 3.pl
cevabın	Possession by 2.sg
gelmesi	Possession by 3.sg
tutacağım	None
sonların	Possession by 2.sg
düşerim	None
ilkesine	Possession by 3.sg
durumu	Possession by 3.sg
bitkisinde	Possession by 3.sg
oylarıma	Possession by 3.pl
tekrarı	Possession by 3.sg
heykelciği	Possession by 3.sg
başrahipmiş	None
kuruma	None
itilmezsiniz	None
ıspanaktan	None
incirlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
ropdöşambırlardan	None
bel	None
seccadesi	Possession by 3.sg
saldırmadı	None
göstermiyorum	None
susacak	None
ziyaretlerin	Possession by 2.sg
röpörtajumuz	Possession by 1.pl
ulumuyor	None
nilüferlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
gübresinin	Possession by 3.sg
yeleğin	Possession by 2.sg
sözcüğün	Possession by 2.sg
tutulmanın	Possession by 2.sg
biralarda	None
ejderhanı	Possession by 2.sg
rehberin	Possession by 2.sg
yasaktı	None
aygırı	Possession by 3.sg
güzü	None
şimşeği	None
