wygrało	Third person Singular
spadała	Third person Singular
marnowałam	First person Singular
rodzi	Third person Singular
opisywałaby	Third person Singular
gryzło	Third person Singular
strać	Second person Singular
wracało	Third person Singular
seksualną	None
ograniczam	First person Singular
obraża	Third person Singular
niszowym	None
wyjaśniał	Third person Singular
przeprosiliście	Second person Plural
usuwajmy	First person Plural
śpieszyli	Third person Plural
Szweda	None
dereniami	None
kołami	None
filmuje	Third person Singular
czynię	First person Singular
uznawałyście	Second person Plural
wspominałam	First person Singular
towarom	None
zadzwoni	Third person Singular
marudził	Third person Singular
klanów	None
przyjmuje	Third person Singular
zachodziłyby	Third person Plural
drżę	First person Singular
opisywała	Third person Singular
ceni	Third person Singular
parkowi	None
spróbowali	Third person Plural
śnił	Third person Singular
przedramiona	None
motorów	None
przeczytałam	First person Singular
stawiają	Third person Plural
esencją	None
szpinak	None
edytowałaś	Second person Singular
bromowej	None
dodałbym	First person Singular
przynieście	Second person Plural
otrzymam	First person Singular
odradzali	Third person Plural
kipi	Third person Singular
kupimy	First person Plural
odwiedzamy	First person Plural
planowałem	First person Singular
lot	None
zamknąłem	First person Singular
wygarnęłyby	Third person Plural
perskiemu	None
kompletnego	None
śledziło	Third person Singular
orka	None
wdepnąłem	First person Singular
sprawdził	Third person Singular
samochodowej	None
zmierzchom	None
zdiagnozowałybyście	Second person Plural
skacz	Second person Singular
czytałeś	Second person Singular
półeczki	None
zapamiętasz	Second person Singular
głowach	None
zarżnęliście	Second person Plural
produkowałby	Third person Singular
rozróżnił	Third person Singular
skazała	Third person Singular
opierdolił	Third person Singular
ryki	None
słyszałaś	Second person Singular
poprosiła	Third person Singular
pandeistami	None
gorzej	Second person Singular
epitafiami	None
małżeństwa	None
odbierali	Third person Plural
łapała	Third person Singular
jabłkowych	None
zasługiwałaby	Third person Singular
światach	None
przypuszczał	Third person Singular
ambasadorem	None
sprośniejszemu	None
wyjęlibyście	Second person Plural
przypuściło	Third person Singular
rozmywałam	First person Singular
występujemy	First person Plural
dostarczali	Third person Plural
śniła	Third person Singular
statystami	None
chroniłbyś	Second person Singular
polowały	Third person Plural
tłumaczy	Third person Singular
wiś	Second person Singular
raził	Third person Singular
stanowi	Third person Singular
kumano	None
hasała	Third person Singular
śmiałem	First person Singular
dojrzały	Third person Plural
okrada	Third person Singular
zdobili	Third person Plural
wyjaśnijmy	First person Plural
ryzyk	None
zapomnimy	First person Plural
zamordowało	Third person Singular
żył	Third person Singular
szczepowym	None
przypominam	First person Singular
skakali	Third person Plural
poprzedzało	Third person Singular
kartonów	None
zapraszała	Third person Singular
drapieżniejszego	None
płacz	Second person Singular
skróciłem	First person Singular
ukradła	Third person Singular
odpoczęłybyśmy	First person Plural
puść	Second person Singular
otrzymałem	First person Singular
znikało	Third person Singular
psujesz	Second person Singular
krany	None
sprawdzę	First person Singular
trzymajcie	Second person Plural
Sejmu	None
ścierwo	None
zmieniają	Third person Plural
strachem	None
sprzyjało	Third person Singular
dał	Third person Singular
szwów	None
koła	None
wisiało	Third person Singular
marzyły	Third person Plural
traktowali	Third person Plural
wróblowi	None
dokonujemy	First person Plural
ograniczała	Third person Singular
cudowniejszą	None
kręciły	Third person Plural
przeleciałem	First person Singular
zajączkach	None
tęsknię	First person Singular
wspólnej	None
bezpiecznikiem	None
tolerował	Third person Singular
majsterkowałaś	Second person Singular
kwiczołach	None
denerwuj	Second person Singular
rozbijemy	First person Plural
gwóździem	None
grabią	Third person Plural
śmierdziałbym	First person Singular
zapraszają	Third person Plural
oszukasz	Second person Singular
zaczęło	Third person Singular
kaledońskiego	None
zaufaj	Second person Singular
pokazywał	Third person Singular
znikał	Third person Singular
oskarżało	Third person Singular
opuszczaj	Second person Singular
dajmy	First person Plural
oskarżali	Third person Plural
połyka	Third person Singular
przekwitają	Third person Plural
wybierzmy	First person Plural
świecy	None
przezimował	Third person Singular
prało	Third person Singular
kierował	Third person Singular
żyłam	First person Singular
zakazanie	None
zachowamy	First person Plural
budziła	Third person Singular
posłuchała	Third person Singular
czkawką	None
straciłeś	Second person Singular
koprolity	None
organizmom	None
dbajcie	Second person Plural
kimajmy	First person Plural
powojennym	None
pożarłem	First person Singular
konfigurowałbyś	Second person Singular
bada	Third person Singular
mierzysz	Second person Singular
kładź	Second person Singular
zagiąć	None
biegały	Third person Plural
okrucieństwa	None
niszczę	First person Singular
podkreślałyby	Third person Plural
zamykał	Third person Singular
uczęszczałyby	Third person Plural
przestrzegali	Third person Plural
rzucały	Third person Plural
złap	Second person Singular
lepszych	None
wyjaśnisz	Second person Singular
otrzymuje	Third person Singular
powtarzaj	Second person Singular
maszerują	Third person Plural
karmiły	Third person Plural
sprawdzili	Third person Plural
indyjskiemu	None
uprawiamy	First person Plural
podróżują	Third person Plural
pudeł	None
pojawili	Third person Plural
kopce	None
miewają	Third person Plural
obserwuj	Second person Singular
motykę	None
klęka	Third person Singular
zaprosisz	Second person Singular
parkuje	Third person Singular
szanujemy	First person Plural
kryłbyś	Second person Singular
dbamy	First person Plural
spieszył	Third person Singular
podejrzewam	First person Singular
płynęło	Third person Singular
kopmy	First person Plural
rzekła	Third person Singular
pisałbym	First person Singular
myliłem	First person Singular
poprowadził	Third person Singular
zasługiwał	Third person Singular
zajawce	None
wytłumaczyli	Third person Plural
wyłudzili	Third person Plural
kontrolował	Third person Singular
karało	Third person Singular
narzekały	Third person Plural
cynowa	None
siał	Third person Singular
maltozę	None
trumny	None
porozmawialibyśmy	First person Plural
ćwierćnutą	None
cisa	None
jeńcy	None
tonęłyby	Third person Plural
tańczyły	Third person Plural
płciowemu	None
pochodził	Third person Singular
uderzyła	Third person Singular
odpowiadamy	First person Plural
wybiorą	Third person Plural
widziałbyś	Second person Singular
zamknę	First person Singular
znikałybyśmy	First person Plural
trwałaby	Third person Singular
polecam	First person Singular
milsze	None
hebrajskiego	None
miewałaś	Second person Singular
zweryfikowała	Third person Singular
zwyczajów	None
zmienią	Third person Plural
rezus	None
chcieliście	Second person Plural
lansowali	Third person Plural
doceniali	Third person Plural
cywilizacjach	None
strzelasz	Second person Singular
zrobicie	Second person Plural
jąkały	Third person Plural
oddałem	First person Singular
filmowałem	First person Singular
wieje	Third person Singular
sieje	Third person Singular
zamykałabyś	Second person Singular
kalmarze	None
proponowałabym	First person Singular
twierdzilibyśmy	First person Plural
modlące	None
włosienico	None
odebrali	Third person Plural
przypomnieli	Third person Plural
marnuje	Third person Singular
najciemniejsze	None
obalono	None
szczano	None
mądrzyłem	First person Singular
Sejmach	None
jugosłowiańskiej	None
tolerujmy	First person Plural
gryzł	Third person Singular
potrzebowałby	Third person Singular
różniczką	None
zadajmy	First person Plural
katastrofą	None
współczesnej	None
chwalmy	First person Plural
optyczne	None
kibicowałem	First person Singular
czerpałam	First person Singular
debacie	None
wybierały	Third person Plural
najgłębszymi	None
nosiłby	Third person Singular
należały	Third person Plural
korzystałyśmy	First person Plural
konkurowali	Third person Plural
ćwicz	Second person Singular
wybierz	Second person Singular
sikałem	First person Singular
sprzyjały	Third person Plural
spuszczałbym	First person Singular
oglądałam	First person Singular
pozwalałby	Third person Singular
wynajęli	Third person Plural
przynosił	Third person Singular
wykorzystuję	First person Singular
pytam	First person Singular
teatry	None
twórczemu	None
odkryło	Third person Singular
ryczmy	First person Plural
kompilują	Third person Plural
żulowi	None
działek	None
biednemu	None
otrzymałaby	Third person Singular
zaprosi	Third person Singular
złapię	First person Singular
sprawdźcie	Second person Plural
słyszeliby	Third person Plural
wyczynie	None
germańskimi	None
chroniłeś	Second person Singular
ciałko	None
maskujesz	Second person Singular
połączyły	Third person Plural
czekał	Third person Singular
pniemy	First person Plural
kwestionowali	Third person Plural
dałbyś	Second person Singular
umierały	Third person Plural
trzymał	Third person Singular
zrobiłbyś	Second person Singular
sabotował	Third person Singular
kłóć	Second person Singular
pompą	None
piszą	Third person Plural
poznałam	First person Singular
dwukołowymi	None
gnije	Third person Singular
siadaj	Second person Singular
karambolom	None
napisze	Third person Singular
gotuj	Second person Singular
wykorzystujesz	Second person Singular
przedramienia	None
ukradniemy	First person Plural
hienami	None
człowieczeństwie	None
ćwiczyliśmy	First person Plural
przeleć	Second person Singular
otrzyma	Third person Singular
wybierałby	Third person Singular
chciałbyś	Second person Singular
słuchem	None
karnawale	None
zawarłam	First person Singular
uznający	None
postęp	None
siały	Third person Plural
znajdowałyby	Third person Plural
słabej	None
kradł	Third person Singular
wietrzni	None
ogarniała	Third person Singular
znosili	Third person Plural
fermionami	None
wynajmę	First person Singular
pata	None
kowadełek	None
nadużywałaś	Second person Singular
zakocha	Third person Singular
oddajcie	Second person Plural
zostawiłem	First person Singular
sarkająca	None
podnieśmy	First person Plural
zabiłby	Third person Singular
zapaliło	Third person Singular
dawki	None
zniknęło	Third person Singular
rzucali	Third person Plural
straciły	Third person Plural
złożę	First person Singular
śmieję	First person Singular
pniaka	None
egzorcystom	None
drzemałabyś	Second person Singular
edytowało	Third person Singular
studiowała	Third person Singular
głosowali	Third person Plural
nurkuje	Third person Singular
chrzcił	Third person Singular
smuga	None
pierdziałbyś	Second person Singular
wskazały	Third person Plural
cytadele	None
kupiłybyście	Second person Plural
flagę	None
potwierdzamy	First person Plural
poznajcie	Second person Plural
najpodlejszych	None
rozproszył	Third person Singular
wywoływałoby	Third person Singular
sprawdziło	Third person Singular
otrzymałyście	Second person Plural
zabiłem	First person Singular
edytują	Third person Plural
zostawiłbym	First person Singular
wyrzuciłem	First person Singular
drukowały	Third person Plural
piął	Third person Singular
tworzycie	Second person Plural
zabrał	Third person Singular
jesionie	None
poznałybyśmy	First person Plural
zrabowały	Third person Plural
zarabiają	Third person Plural
owadożernej	None
mózgów	None
kefiru	None
rodziło	Third person Singular
rękawiczce	None
klei	Third person Singular
pochodziła	Third person Singular
fonetycznym	None
otrzymania	None
prusaka	None
okaż	Second person Singular
ostrzegał	Third person Singular
organizowali	Third person Plural
klękają	Third person Plural
wymyśliło	Third person Singular
zwyciężaj	Second person Singular
gadają	Third person Plural
klęczał	Third person Singular
czerpią	Third person Plural
zmieniałeś	Second person Singular
skakanką	None
rozmawiamy	First person Plural
zaczekałeś	Second person Singular
grzechach	None
gwałcą	Third person Plural
rządziło	Third person Singular
opiekuje	Third person Singular
wziąłeś	Second person Singular
wybuchnęła	Third person Singular
wyjęto	None
klikaj	Second person Singular
schowa	Third person Singular
męczyła	Third person Singular
posłuchałbyś	Second person Singular
czynel	None
trącą	Third person Plural
nurkowałby	Third person Singular
pozwalamy	First person Plural
połączone	None
dałaś	Second person Singular
bezzębna	None
broń	Second person Singular
karali	Third person Plural
zabrałam	First person Singular
żartowałem	First person Singular
zjem	First person Singular
demontują	Third person Plural
łudzę	First person Singular
opisywał	Third person Singular
języczkowa	None
męczyłyśmy	First person Plural
pisaliście	Second person Plural
komiksami	None
przeczytałem	First person Singular
kłamią	Third person Plural
kierowały	Third person Plural
kupkom	None
wykitowalibyśmy	First person Plural
pogadajmy	First person Plural
trwam	First person Singular
zamkniemy	First person Plural
zweryfikowałem	First person Singular
poprowadźcie	Second person Plural
uczestniczcie	Second person Plural
wywołujesz	Second person Singular
kuś	Second person Singular
grzebał	Third person Singular
optymistyczne	None
psychiatrykom	None
zmieniłbym	First person Singular
widziałabym	First person Singular
mierziliby	Third person Plural
wylany	None
produkowało	Third person Singular
zadzie	None
ciężarówkach	None
kawaler	None
strzelbach	None
zaczekaj	Second person Singular
bombę	None
doceniały	Third person Plural
skróciłbyś	Second person Singular
zrozumie	Third person Singular
ichtiologów	None
opiekujący	None
szczerzy	Third person Singular
baranom	None
siadałby	Third person Singular
odbudowało	Third person Singular
sprawdzałyście	Second person Plural
oszukajcie	Second person Plural
zawiodły	Third person Plural
przyniosłaby	Third person Singular
wiejące	None
bańce	None
korzystaliśmy	First person Plural
hrabia	None
dochodzili	Third person Plural
uznawałbym	First person Singular
metrami	None
dietetycznej	None
miewał	Third person Singular
nieboskłonami	None
atolu	None
raziło	Third person Singular
kimałabyś	Second person Singular
fagi	None
słucha	Third person Singular
rozmawiało	Third person Singular
zburzyły	Third person Plural
absorbujecie	Second person Plural
śpiewa	Third person Singular
znaleźliśmy	First person Plural
spacerniakami	None
poznałyby	Third person Plural
spróbował	Third person Singular
wymówmy	First person Plural
kontroluję	First person Singular
odebrałeś	Second person Singular
najdoskonalszego	None
poprowadzilibyście	Second person Plural
granicami	None
przypomniały	Third person Plural
marzył	Third person Singular
śpieszył	Third person Singular
zachowaj	Second person Singular
oszukujmy	First person Plural
arabskie	None
kryminalistom	None
eufemizmem	None
kukaliście	Second person Plural
poronień	None
wybierzecie	Second person Plural
najbiedniejsi	None
trwała	Third person Singular
twierdzicie	Second person Plural
rozważcie	Second person Plural
rozbiły	Third person Plural
edytujemy	First person Plural
przeliczalnego	None
zachowałby	Third person Singular
notowali	Third person Plural
jeździł	Third person Singular
bibliografia	None
ukryj	Second person Singular
włączało	Third person Singular
broszami	None
parujmy	First person Plural
szukająca	None
odchodziła	Third person Singular
chadzał	Third person Singular
symuluj	Second person Singular
podałeś	Second person Singular
zostawi	Third person Singular
zarabiali	Third person Plural
wdychać	None
karał	Third person Singular
znajdowały	Third person Plural
wypędziły	Third person Plural
zrabowali	Third person Plural
stygnij	Second person Singular
uczyłem	First person Singular
uczęszczali	Third person Plural
zbieram	First person Singular
wartościowemu	None
adaptera	None
twierdza	None
tworzyła	Third person Singular
tygodniem	None
marzyli	Third person Plural
paliła	Third person Singular
wskazujcie	Second person Plural
szalałybyśmy	First person Plural
posiadałaby	Third person Singular
przekwitanie	None
grozisz	Second person Singular
ratuszach	None
boską	None
dodajmy	First person Plural
starali	Third person Plural
unicestwić	None
skracali	Third person Plural
nazywali	Third person Plural
gardzi	Third person Singular
starają	Third person Plural
mierzę	First person Singular
dotykały	Third person Plural
dba	Third person Singular
betonowaliście	Second person Plural
apteką	None
pytała	Third person Singular
kradła	Third person Singular
medytowała	Third person Singular
czesz	Second person Singular
śpi	Third person Singular
zabrali	Third person Plural
słoną	None
sprzęgła	Third person Singular
pobierze	Third person Singular
identyfikuje	Third person Singular
wyprasowany	None
spotkałam	First person Singular
namawiało	Third person Singular
oszukiwała	Third person Singular
umarłyby	Third person Plural
zaniechają	Third person Plural
ufajcie	Second person Plural
szukamy	First person Plural
wyliśmy	First person Plural
żagli	None
wykorzystuje	Third person Singular
pozwalałyby	Third person Plural
nazywam	First person Singular
manifestami	None
słysz	Second person Singular
dodawajcie	Second person Plural
wodociągi	None
pokazywali	Third person Plural
zialiby	Third person Plural
kumałaś	Second person Singular
podziwiałybyśmy	First person Plural
dawajmy	First person Plural
wystarczały	Third person Plural
lud	None
skróciła	Third person Singular
marudziłeś	Second person Singular
domówka	None
burz	Second person Singular
langusty	None
dyszałeś	Second person Singular
zburzyło	Third person Singular
ostrzegali	Third person Plural
szympansem	None
podróżowała	Third person Singular
luźną	None
uratują	Third person Plural
kropeczka	None
estońska	None
spadają	Third person Plural
odbierała	Third person Singular
jantarach	None
błądziłam	First person Singular
dożyło	Third person Singular
bromowi	None
eksperymentalnej	None
zauważą	Third person Plural
lepkiego	None
dział	Third person Singular
gaworzylibyśmy	First person Plural
zawarłeś	Second person Singular
narzekaniami	None
siedzą	Third person Plural
tuba	None
motorom	None
województwem	None
mazgaju	None
przegapiłaś	Second person Singular
pełza	Third person Singular
obrażaniu	None
uliczkami	None
zmieniali	Third person Plural
poliglocie	None
eucharystię	None
rozważaj	Second person Singular
anginom	None
wartościową	None
gwałcenie	None
skręcił	Third person Singular
obrzędu	None
ignorowali	Third person Plural
kosiła	Third person Singular
głosuję	First person Singular
płacze	Third person Singular
przyjmiesz	Second person Singular
wyjaśni	Third person Singular
wylał	Third person Singular
wyprasowały	Third person Plural
chrzciłeś	Second person Singular
zabiję	First person Singular
ładowała	Third person Singular
planujemy	First person Plural
zadawszy	None
widział	Third person Singular
obiecaliby	Third person Plural
masywem	None
lubiły	Third person Plural
wyglądałoby	Third person Singular
najwcześniejsze	None
jarzębatką	None
wierzy	Third person Singular
wylogowało	Third person Singular
wstający	None
śmiałbym	First person Singular
gromadził	Third person Singular
zadała	Third person Singular
wykorzystywał	Third person Singular
dzwonkiem	None
palił	Third person Singular
wskazywało	Third person Singular
dekrety	None
pociechę	None
deiści	None
wilgotniejszym	None
umawiają	Third person Plural
próżnię	None
realizmem	None
edytujcie	Second person Plural
czeremcha	None
numerowaniami	None
wracała	Third person Singular
płonął	Third person Singular
jebako	None
oddychamy	First person Plural
paliły	Third person Plural
okiennej	None
gitarami	None
zna	Third person Singular
opuszczał	Third person Singular
pomagałem	First person Singular
kosiłem	First person Singular
zacznijmy	First person Plural
opiekowała	Third person Singular
wybraliśmy	First person Plural
pojmował	Third person Singular
zbiegała	Third person Singular
karawaną	None
zapomniał	Third person Singular
pieniężnymi	None
talią	None
konkuruje	Third person Singular
maszerowali	Third person Plural
uważało	Third person Singular
odradzam	First person Singular
kontrolą	None
niepodległe	None
martwiło	Third person Singular
ściągnij	Second person Singular
koiliśmy	First person Plural
skończyliśmy	First person Plural
chustą	None
paczka	None
posiadał	Third person Singular
skakałaś	Second person Singular
wyrzuciły	Third person Plural
kłują	Third person Plural
łapał	Third person Singular
nękali	Third person Plural
rzucasz	Second person Singular
składa	Third person Singular
tłumaczyłem	First person Singular
destylatu	None
pisały	Third person Plural
pochodzę	First person Singular
oceniamy	First person Plural
padali	Third person Plural
chromosomów	None
licznego	None
rakotwórcze	None
wskazanie	None
znośmy	First person Plural
ułamku	None
drżał	Third person Singular
przygotuje	Third person Singular
rozczarowałyby	Third person Plural
podniesie	Third person Singular
plastrów	None
najlepsiejszy	None
głosujmy	First person Plural
więźliście	Second person Plural
ludowych	None
kapusi	None
nosiłem	First person Singular
znikam	First person Singular
dzika	None
obiecali	Third person Plural
obrabowałaś	Second person Singular
usuniecie	Second person Plural
konkurs	None
ukrywają	Third person Plural
kazachstańskimi	None
świadkach	None
najostrzejszych	None
napisałem	First person Singular
wykorzystują	Third person Plural
rycerskie	None
apelacjami	None
cięższego	None
gryzłby	Third person Singular
zapomniałeś	Second person Singular
zerkam	First person Singular
czytało	Third person Singular
podnieś	Second person Singular
kolejce	None
zauważyła	Third person Singular
kierowałam	First person Singular
poprawiałem	First person Singular
wymiarowy	None
obaliła	Third person Singular
najzabawniejszych	None
spotkał	Third person Singular
ługi	None
afrykańscy	None
powtórzyłeś	Second person Singular
czeluściami	None
grzebałoby	Third person Singular
zarezerwowałby	Third person Singular
spieprzaj	Second person Singular
pustyniami	None
marzyłam	First person Singular
żuru	None
wygrałem	First person Singular
kręglami	None
żartowała	Third person Singular
eksportowalibyśmy	First person Plural
książko	None
kamizelek	None
oddałam	First person Singular
składało	Third person Singular
ukryłabyś	Second person Singular
smuta	Third person Singular
muzyczne	None
pierdółkami	None
katakany	None
kastruję	First person Singular
saletrze	None
leczyło	Third person Singular
wytłumaczysz	Second person Singular
jadałeś	Second person Singular
dawałoby	Third person Singular
znalazłeś	Second person Singular
marliby	Third person Plural
ładuje	Third person Singular
ufała	Third person Singular
odczynią	Third person Plural
najmłodsze	None
waltorniom	None
grab	Second person Singular
dokonania	None
dziękuję	First person Singular
wystarczałybyśmy	First person Plural
złamały	Third person Plural
korytem	None
klękajcie	Second person Plural
zaprowadziłeś	Second person Singular
zachowaniami	None
łamie	Third person Singular
kłócił	Third person Singular
pobrała	Third person Singular
konsekwencje	None
zarżnięta	None
obalą	Third person Plural
wzięła	Third person Singular
makarony	None
egzotycznych	None
opuszczamy	First person Plural
wałówkom	None
grzebie	Third person Singular
posiłku	None
wierzyła	Third person Singular
przestrzegam	First person Singular
doprowadzamy	First person Plural
ściągam	First person Singular
studiowało	Third person Singular
woskiem	None
oceniała	Third person Singular
unikajmy	First person Plural
zatrzymam	First person Singular
umówiłem	First person Singular
siusiaku	None
schował	Third person Singular
krótkowłosy	None
wektorom	None
zastanawiaj	Second person Singular
rozmywałyście	Second person Plural
podróżowały	Third person Plural
podniesiecie	Second person Plural
pytałeś	Second person Singular
zabalsamowałoby	Third person Singular
szczekało	Third person Singular
obiecała	Third person Singular
przodowalibyśmy	First person Plural
przynosząca	None
ukrywało	Third person Singular
razi	Third person Singular
odraczałem	First person Singular
kierujmy	First person Plural
garbów	None
występuję	First person Singular
telefonuje	Third person Singular
usunęliście	Second person Plural
przestrzegasz	Second person Singular
palili	Third person Plural
skaczemy	First person Plural
wyświetlano	None
modlili	Third person Plural
machaliście	Second person Plural
tygodniach	None
drukowałby	Third person Singular
grzechotnik	None
odkrywałbyś	Second person Singular
lewę	None
tępa	None
badały	Third person Plural
płacą	Third person Plural
skrzypialibyście	Second person Plural
opiekowało	Third person Singular
czeźlibyśmy	First person Plural
wymusił	Third person Singular
rozkaz	None
roślinką	None
zatrzyma	Third person Singular
oglądaliśmy	First person Plural
trzymam	First person Singular
zachowajmy	First person Plural
dobył	Third person Singular
wyjaśnia	Third person Singular
notujemy	First person Plural
przegrałem	First person Singular
spodziewałeś	Second person Singular
nakrył	Third person Singular
właściwszym	None
dzielenie	None
wyprasujecie	Second person Plural
znaczyło	Third person Singular
szantażowałbyś	Second person Singular
telegrafowałybyście	Second person Plural
składamy	First person Plural
edytuję	First person Singular
terminale	None
polnego	None
zmieniałby	Third person Singular
drukowało	Third person Singular
stawiałoby	Third person Singular
gówniakiem	None
odjebiemy	First person Plural
szumu	None
cytują	Third person Plural
wykop	Second person Singular
pobierzesz	Second person Singular
zadało	Third person Singular
sądziłam	First person Singular
przypominasz	Second person Singular
zmieniłem	First person Singular
gardzili	Third person Plural
chcielibyśmy	First person Plural
namiętność	None
organizowaniu	None
ładny	None
edyktem	None
najnowszymi	None
zaniechały	Third person Plural
czesał	Third person Singular
sądź	Second person Singular
analizowały	Third person Plural
zaczęłyby	Third person Plural
grillem	None
rzucamy	First person Plural
liże	Third person Singular
dostarczamy	First person Plural
płacę	First person Singular
zniknęłyście	Second person Plural
językowego	None
oskarżasz	Second person Singular
toleruję	First person Singular
grabię	First person Singular
odkrytemu	None
zapłaci	Third person Singular
błyska	Third person Singular
sądziłbym	First person Singular
obserwuję	First person Singular
pełzają	Third person Plural
ratownicy	None
obszerną	None
pogadałyby	Third person Plural
eksperymentowało	Third person Singular
wywołujmy	First person Plural
telefoniczne	None
przeinaczeni	None
imponowała	Third person Singular
zialiście	Second person Plural
gromadziłaś	Second person Singular
tostery	None
nazywasz	Second person Singular
nieprzyjemne	None
pytacie	Second person Plural
kierujcie	Second person Plural
uznawanie	None
umawiałyśmy	First person Plural
jagódeczkom	None
ciastkami	None
przegapmy	First person Plural
wysyłam	First person Singular
płakało	Third person Singular
zamknij	Second person Singular
oddał	Third person Singular
milionera	None
otrzymywał	Third person Singular
przegrają	Third person Plural
dochodzony	None
studiuję	First person Singular
szasta	Third person Singular
zapaliła	Third person Singular
indoeuropejskiego	None
trzymali	Third person Plural
zostawię	First person Singular
oceniasz	Second person Singular
zabija	Third person Singular
stryjów	None
psują	Third person Plural
dodawałam	First person Singular
martwisz	Second person Singular
parkuję	First person Singular
wymogło	Third person Singular
belgijskim	None
zalogowalibyśmy	First person Plural
dąsaliśmy	First person Plural
rozwiązała	Third person Singular
pozwalajmy	First person Plural
obrażali	Third person Plural
poznam	First person Singular
wynajął	Third person Singular
dementują	Third person Plural
zastanawiał	Third person Singular
śpiącymi	None
wymyślicie	Second person Plural
wskazałeś	Second person Singular
znikają	Third person Plural
dotykaj	Second person Singular
rafandynkę	None
brzozy	None
dziękujmy	First person Plural
planowali	Third person Plural
denerwuję	First person Singular
telefonował	Third person Singular
złupiły	Third person Plural
nasiona	None
karała	Third person Singular
toksyczne	None
bredzicie	Second person Plural
azylem	None
wysyła	Third person Singular
myśliwiec	None
gap	Second person Singular
popełnimy	First person Plural
eksportuje	Third person Singular
wojewodach	None
krzyczał	Third person Singular
rozwiązałem	First person Singular
rozwiązałeś	Second person Singular
opiekowali	Third person Plural
ripostowaliśmy	First person Plural
kebsach	None
dowodziło	Third person Singular
zrozumielibyście	Second person Plural
przedmieściem	None
praktycznemu	None
rozróżnilibyśmy	First person Plural
kładzie	Third person Singular
przekomarzaliby	Third person Plural
żyłem	First person Singular
ornitologii	None
skręcili	Third person Plural
naprawiałem	First person Singular
występowała	Third person Singular
połączyłbym	First person Singular
obawy	None
mija	Third person Singular
eksportują	Third person Plural
szczuplejsze	None
banglałyśmy	First person Plural
odpoczywalibyśmy	First person Plural
mieszała	Third person Singular
ocal	Second person Singular
usuwajcie	Second person Plural
smarkałyby	Third person Plural
uprzedzeń	None
dodałam	First person Singular
międzygwiezdny	None
tęskniła	Third person Singular
zrzuci	Third person Singular
rozwiązałoby	Third person Singular
grzebane	None
odbudował	Third person Singular
trzmiel	None
znajdź	Second person Singular
obiecywał	Third person Singular
krętogłowem	None
płetwom	None
powtarzała	Third person Singular
dźwigał	Third person Singular
przeczytali	Third person Plural
gaworzyj	Second person Singular
poznaj	Second person Singular
różnicach	None
złapałbyś	Second person Singular
dostajemy	First person Plural
obciążała	Third person Singular
transie	None
stanowili	Third person Plural
zapomnisz	Second person Singular
nazywałaby	Third person Singular
lubicie	Second person Plural
wędrowało	Third person Singular
warcz	Second person Singular
złamią	Third person Plural
zerkali	Third person Plural
połączyło	Third person Singular
rozważa	Third person Singular
unikała	Third person Singular
dało	Third person Singular
zweryfikuje	Third person Singular
zmieniłabym	First person Singular
wracał	Third person Singular
rzuca	Third person Singular
płetwonurkami	None
dręczyli	Third person Plural
uznają	Third person Plural
bywam	First person Singular
grabili	Third person Plural
zamyka	Third person Singular
warzywem	None
siadała	Third person Singular
umówiła	Third person Singular
sądzą	Third person Plural
całunem	None
kołysanką	None
dziełem	None
podkreślały	Third person Plural
kłusowałaby	Third person Singular
ciemnożółty	None
minutom	None
poprawiłam	First person Singular
futrem	None
pożytków	None
zabalsamowali	Third person Plural
zgubiłem	First person Singular
używałeś	Second person Singular
lufciki	None
uśpiłybyśmy	First person Plural
sprzyjali	Third person Plural
przeczytają	Third person Plural
uczy	Third person Singular
nazywacie	Second person Plural
sejsmometrze	None
decyzję	None
przysięgała	Third person Singular
satrapie	None
pisaliśmy	First person Plural
dotknęło	Third person Singular
sześcianu	None
zauważenie	None
cieczemy	First person Plural
bywało	Third person Singular
rozbiłem	First person Singular
traktujesz	Second person Singular
stawiałem	First person Singular
jamochłona	None
umył	Third person Singular
urzędnikiem	None
pędził	Third person Singular
kibicowała	Third person Singular
kupujemy	First person Plural
otaczałaby	Third person Singular
pamiętały	Third person Plural
liniowy	None
kradłbym	First person Singular
nudna	None
mocniejszym	None
półwyspowi	None
mieszkały	Third person Plural
przeleci	Third person Singular
nadzorowała	Third person Singular
fazan	None
zaczęli	Third person Plural
dostarczaliby	Third person Plural
hongkońskie	None
poczekał	Third person Singular
płonę	First person Singular
konkurowały	Third person Plural
nadchodziły	Third person Plural
drażnią	Third person Plural
zeszytem	None
aparatów	None
wymyśliła	Third person Singular
zmieniliśmy	First person Plural
toskańskie	None
odwiedzały	Third person Plural
porodem	None
pędź	Second person Singular
rozczarował	Third person Singular
zauważę	First person Singular
poznałbym	First person Singular
dedykuje	Third person Singular
żyły	Third person Plural
tyłbyś	Second person Singular
myliła	Third person Singular
kręcili	Third person Plural
tworzylibyśmy	First person Plural
przejrzystego	None
siostrom	None
laptopom	None
mierzi	Third person Singular
smakuję	First person Singular
poufną	None
płonie	Third person Singular
przyjęliśmy	First person Plural
wyjaśniałoby	Third person Singular
waćpanowie	None
siąknijcie	Second person Plural
dworów	None
daję	First person Singular
uprzedziła	Third person Singular
nerwu	None
muzykom	None
cenimy	First person Plural
formalną	None
rodzajnik	None
rozważ	Second person Singular
wymówkach	None
krył	Third person Singular
zmieniało	Third person Singular
rozwiązały	Third person Plural
krzepkich	None
wybrało	Third person Singular
zburzył	Third person Singular
marudzi	Third person Singular
pamiętają	Third person Plural
tonami	None
mieszkają	Third person Plural
życzyli	Third person Plural
puści	Third person Singular
oskarżaj	Second person Singular
powtarzamy	First person Plural
przygotował	Third person Singular
praktycznego	None
dokonywali	Third person Plural
łamiemy	First person Plural
nalewa	Third person Singular
susz	Second person Singular
zastanawiamy	First person Plural
puścimy	First person Plural
googluje	Third person Singular
refreny	None
najwyższej	None
wspominały	Third person Plural
satanizmie	None
organizowanie	None
zniszczyłoby	Third person Singular
rozmywają	Third person Plural
altruiści	None
odbija	Third person Singular
kastrowałyście	Second person Plural
ruszałem	First person Singular
pluchą	None
zniszczyło	Third person Singular
podnosiła	Third person Singular
brył	None
schnę	First person Singular
babilońska	None
dosłowne	None
przeczytana	None
zimujmy	First person Plural
przeżyli	Third person Plural
wywoływał	Third person Singular
zbieramy	First person Plural
odwiedzane	None
butikom	None
wyjrzycie	Second person Plural
poróżniła	Third person Singular
czardaszu	None
zaloguje	Third person Singular
ufasz	Second person Singular
wyłudzilibyście	Second person Plural
zaimportowane	None
lepieni	None
ukryliście	Second person Plural
uczymy	First person Plural
jagniąt	None
uderza	Third person Singular
obalił	Third person Singular
zmieniłaby	Third person Singular
studnią	None
wyrzucił	Third person Singular
dziobałyście	Second person Plural
kupowali	Third person Plural
pozwala	Third person Singular
łotewscy	None
odbijała	Third person Singular
tropikalną	None
wyświetlał	Third person Singular
paliwo	None
dbały	Third person Plural
podało	Third person Singular
połączyłem	First person Singular
stawała	Third person Singular
odchodziłam	First person Singular
dowodziłoby	Third person Singular
ojczyzną	None
dodawałem	First person Singular
mierzmy	First person Plural
kroimy	First person Plural
należą	Third person Plural
telegrafowano	None
papierkach	None
jugosłowiańskie	None
jury	None
przytuliła	Third person Singular
życzy	Third person Singular
uważają	Third person Plural
tolerowałyście	Second person Plural
wstaję	First person Singular
umów	Second person Singular
podpaliła	Third person Singular
zerżnęłam	First person Singular
pijali	Third person Plural
kupowałabym	First person Singular
dochodziłoby	Third person Singular
czwartkiem	None
zadanie	None
wschodzą	Third person Plural
ocaliły	Third person Plural
zapłać	Second person Singular
używali	Third person Plural
lontach	None
potrzebowałyby	Third person Plural
wygram	First person Singular
buziakami	None
występował	Third person Singular
niepewność	None
niepowodzeniem	None
zacząłeś	Second person Singular
tyły	Third person Plural
mitowi	None
zbiegu	None
spieszą	Third person Plural
zmieniłby	Third person Singular
szuka	Third person Singular
przynosili	Third person Plural
wyznaczyłem	First person Singular
straciłoby	Third person Singular
cofamy	First person Plural
ładuj	Second person Singular
odradzał	Third person Singular
uderzyłyśmy	First person Plural
obciąża	Third person Singular
używasz	Second person Singular
doceniam	First person Singular
poproszą	Third person Plural
oglądali	Third person Plural
mądrzej	Second person Singular
uniku	None
chwaliło	Third person Singular
rozróżnia	Third person Singular
wpływa	Third person Singular
poniedziałkiem	None
sprawdzam	First person Singular
znikaj	Second person Singular
płakali	Third person Plural
przechodni	None
medytowaliśmy	First person Plural
gasiłybyście	Second person Plural
siało	Third person Singular
uderzyli	Third person Plural
zawarła	Third person Singular
pęka	Third person Singular
obserwuje	Third person Singular
maratonach	None
zapomni	Third person Singular
pogadałby	Third person Singular
fartuch	None
wymyślałyście	Second person Plural
kosiarką	None
lotek	None
katastrofalną	None
pisałbyś	Second person Singular
kradli	Third person Plural
spadam	First person Singular
przypomnimy	First person Plural
cudzołóż	Second person Singular
lidze	None
wilgotność	None
rządzą	Third person Plural
lubi	Third person Singular
wsparli	Third person Plural
wycieczkowców	None
móżdżkiem	None
traktujmy	First person Plural
mieszałby	Third person Singular
dbała	Third person Singular
kłóćmy	First person Plural
drogim	None
pesymistyczni	None
usuwasz	Second person Singular
miesza	Third person Singular
rozczarowała	Third person Singular
odbuduje	Third person Singular
otworzył	Third person Singular
wymagam	First person Singular
monetą	None
czosnkowa	None
uśpił	Third person Singular
dokonuję	First person Singular
wałacha	None
sprawdzałem	First person Singular
kandydatów	None
cieszyńskiej	None
przesadzałbyś	Second person Singular
zapomnieliśmy	First person Plural
jadu	None
cadykowie	None
przeszkadzała	Third person Singular
odstawiłoby	Third person Singular
przyjaciółkami	None
agnostyka	None
całopaleniach	None
sprawdzały	Third person Plural
karnawał	None
chciał	Third person Singular
tańszej	None
kupi	Third person Singular
rozbitka	None
zadośćuczynieniami	None
zapłaciły	Third person Plural
komentowalibyście	Second person Plural
spotkałybyśmy	First person Plural
zerwą	Third person Plural
prozaiczna	None
fermionowym	None
oddaję	First person Singular
umierali	Third person Plural
obejmowała	Third person Singular
zaczynamy	First person Plural
siksa	None
twardówką	None
kwestionowały	Third person Plural
rodzajami	None
oczywistego	None
zgubiłaś	Second person Singular
uprawiali	Third person Plural
doprowadzało	Third person Singular
ichtiopatologia	None
urodziły	Third person Plural
lnicom	None
posłuchałabym	First person Singular
potajemnymi	None
marnujmy	First person Plural
schnie	Third person Singular
śpiewałyśmy	First person Plural
dowodziłam	First person Singular
opróżnił	Third person Singular
edytuj	Second person Singular
dźwignęliby	Third person Plural
ripostowałby	Third person Singular
cholerna	None
potwierdzał	Third person Singular
krab	None
przypominałbyś	Second person Singular
pierdzieliście	Second person Plural
połknęłyście	Second person Plural
sprzyja	Third person Singular
poprosi	Third person Singular
gaśnic	None
szaleje	Third person Singular
kontrolujemy	First person Plural
popełniły	Third person Plural
najstarszego	None
dodawali	Third person Plural
zestawił	Third person Singular
dzierżyła	Third person Singular
lirom	None
zmieniałem	First person Singular
wyniosłem	First person Singular
kupią	Third person Plural
mijali	Third person Plural
smakuje	Third person Singular
bestie	None
rozważyłem	First person Singular
wybierało	Third person Singular
spojrzenie	None
nazywajcie	Second person Plural
betonowałeś	Second person Singular
znajdziemy	First person Plural
zgredzie	None
trwa	Third person Singular
kradły	Third person Plural
zjadłam	First person Singular
zastanawialibyśmy	First person Plural
otaczały	Third person Plural
wymiotować	None
napadzie	None
spodziewałam	First person Singular
podejrzewały	Third person Plural
bibuło	None
stopni	None
chowam	First person Singular
rzucił	Third person Singular
ustawa	None
miotłami	None
reaktorowi	None
poligamii	None
znosi	Third person Singular
należy	Third person Singular
pokonamy	First person Plural
stopniem	None
episkopaty	None
słyszeliśmy	First person Plural
zbiorą	Third person Plural
zatrzymamy	First person Plural
cofasz	Second person Singular
ziewałeś	Second person Singular
ładuję	First person Singular
ziewaniem	None
dowodziłeś	Second person Singular
ekologów	None
ironia	None
deszczówką	None
karmił	Third person Singular
żartujesz	Second person Singular
blogów	None
poznała	Third person Singular
napisz	Second person Singular
radioaktywna	None
dywizy	None
występowalibyście	Second person Plural
oglądała	Third person Singular
czytałyby	Third person Plural
dziej	Second person Singular
ruszą	Third person Plural
skrzydła	None
umierał	Third person Singular
dziwiłem	First person Singular
poprosicie	Second person Plural
uzależnieniom	None
jadały	Third person Plural
szukałbym	First person Singular
nękacie	Second person Plural
przezimowała	Third person Singular
koczowniczego	None
pnie	Third person Singular
powtórzylibyśmy	First person Plural
wygarnięcie	None
zmarszczkach	None
żartuję	First person Singular
doiliby	Third person Plural
odkryję	First person Singular
dajemy	First person Plural
nosiło	Third person Singular
masażystce	None
przekwita	Third person Singular
odpowiadali	Third person Plural
majsterkowałabym	First person Singular
feministycznej	None
straciłem	First person Singular
poprawiałyście	Second person Plural
przypuścił	Third person Singular
przeżyjemy	First person Plural
siedział	Third person Singular
stara	Third person Singular
zebraliśmy	First person Plural
cofałeś	Second person Singular
mieszaj	Second person Singular
życzyłbym	First person Singular
zmienimy	First person Plural
dyszałabym	First person Singular
budziłoby	Third person Singular
przeprosiłem	First person Singular
chudszy	None
pojawię	First person Singular
pentanem	None
mylimy	First person Plural
kieliszki	None
elektrowni	None
czyniło	Third person Singular
dobrodziejem	None
stawiali	Third person Plural
chcieliby	Third person Plural
przyjmij	Second person Singular
rozmaitościach	None
schlebiające	None
nadużywali	Third person Plural
złapałeś	Second person Singular
wyłącza	Third person Singular
Greczynka	None
splądrował	Third person Singular
braciach	None
życzysz	Second person Singular
zbiegają	Third person Plural
platanach	None
tańce	None
występowałem	First person Singular
czerpali	Third person Plural
roślino	None
organizowały	Third person Plural
zasłużyli	Third person Plural
egocentryzmem	None
śpiewałem	First person Singular
dałbym	First person Singular
rundę	None
broniłbym	First person Singular
staropolszczyzną	None
otrzymywałaby	Third person Singular
starałbym	First person Singular
odbierz	Second person Singular
wyrządziły	Third person Plural
wyrzucimy	First person Plural
dosięgnęłabym	First person Singular
wyjaśniaj	Second person Singular
dbajmy	First person Plural
wybierała	Third person Singular
mostka	None
rozczarowani	None
stanowiła	Third person Singular
biograficznych	None
umięśnionego	None
robimy	First person Plural
chrzciłyśmy	First person Plural
czekają	Third person Plural
otrzymali	Third person Plural
cyborga	None
fruwaliście	Second person Plural
niegrzecznego	None
napisalibyście	Second person Plural
głosowaliśmy	First person Plural
brzegi	None
spotkaniom	None
akronimu	None
chwiać	None
rozsadza	Third person Singular
działce	None
robakami	None
płacił	Third person Singular
dźwigają	Third person Plural
otrzymałyby	Third person Plural
przenośnią	None
machałaby	Third person Singular
pozostajemy	First person Plural
pożyczone	None
szukały	Third person Plural
przeżyliśmy	First person Plural
widzieliśmy	First person Plural
mierzymy	First person Plural
grozi	Third person Singular
sądził	Third person Singular
ruszał	Third person Singular
jednogłośne	None
karto	None
pokaż	Second person Singular
jelenią	None
rozważam	First person Singular
wspomniały	Third person Plural
magnezowego	None
ołowiowi	None
żałowałem	First person Singular
dzierżyły	Third person Plural
kimaj	Second person Singular
płynie	Third person Singular
bandyty	None
reportażem	None
śpiewał	Third person Singular
parkowałby	Third person Singular
przelecenie	None
ruszała	Third person Singular
wyrzućmy	First person Plural
dowiedziałby	Third person Singular
zawarłem	First person Singular
wilczyce	None
kajałyby	Third person Plural
zbir	None
uznawał	Third person Singular
licytacją	None
pożądając	None
potrzebujący	None
podam	First person Singular
zimne	None
trupa	None
wybrałem	First person Singular
zrozumiesz	Second person Singular
ciekłyście	Second person Plural
medalowi	None
cisowego	None
spało	Third person Singular
zamykała	Third person Singular
pozwalały	Third person Plural
dowodu	None
proc	None
osiedlami	None
potrzebuję	First person Singular
skończy	Third person Singular
żartujcie	Second person Plural
śpiewajmy	First person Plural
programowaniom	None
nadchodziła	Third person Singular
kości	None
powtarzało	Third person Singular
szerszej	None
haruje	Third person Singular
szukacie	Second person Plural
metafizycznego	None
obfitszemu	None
gwałty	None
staje	Third person Singular
przeczytałybyście	Second person Plural
modemami	None
złupcie	Second person Plural
otworzę	First person Singular
pokonali	Third person Plural
mierziłam	First person Singular
rozmownymi	None
proponowałam	First person Singular
budzić	None
rzucisz	Second person Singular
wysiadła	Third person Singular
pytajcie	Second person Plural
smarami	None
autystycznymi	None
marudziłyby	Third person Plural
cytowała	Third person Singular
uczą	Third person Plural
ukrywam	First person Singular
padała	Third person Singular
opowiada	Third person Singular
połączyli	Third person Plural
szanujesz	Second person Singular
latam	First person Singular
myl	Second person Singular
chorwackimi	None
zdóbmy	First person Plural
cyców	None
tańczył	Third person Singular
bezie	None
zaczekajmy	First person Plural
zagięły	Third person Plural
guglasz	Second person Singular
trzymają	Third person Plural
płynęlibyśmy	First person Plural
śpij	Second person Singular
śpieszy	Third person Singular
przyjęli	Third person Plural
sunął	Third person Singular
polował	Third person Singular
bezgrzeszną	None
roście	Third person Singular
zbierz	Second person Singular
ciekłem	First person Singular
bankrutuje	Third person Singular
kastrujmy	First person Plural
zniszczylibyście	Second person Plural
komunikacjach	None
nożykiem	None
jasnobrązowe	None
żarem	None
odwiedzające	None
proponowałem	First person Singular
planetariach	None
uczelnia	None
dojrzeje	Third person Singular
komę	None
wymogły	Third person Plural
podnosili	Third person Plural
dyszałbyś	Second person Singular
skorupek	None
inwalido	None
płyniesz	Second person Singular
zderzaki	None
pisała	Third person Singular
obserwowały	Third person Plural
całowała	Third person Singular
szkodnikach	None
poprawiała	Third person Singular
znajdowało	Third person Singular
bezpodstawną	None
szczudła	None
wracaj	Second person Singular
rżelibyśmy	First person Plural
polowaniem	None
klechy	None
stawia	Third person Singular
pluł	Third person Singular
stanów	Second person Singular
prałaś	Second person Singular
fuksa	None
napisaliśmy	First person Plural
zachodnią	None
okradała	Third person Singular
drżałam	First person Singular
podniosła	Third person Singular
podkradalibyśmy	First person Plural
turystkę	None
skazałoby	Third person Singular
kochałybyśmy	First person Plural
żelaza	None
urojony	None
doceniasz	Second person Singular
opuszczam	First person Singular
znajdzie	Third person Singular
leśnego	None
południku	None
sterczy	Third person Singular
dźwignie	Third person Singular
latało	Third person Singular
zweryfikujmy	First person Plural
dostawałby	Third person Singular
tolerowały	Third person Plural
smarkała	Third person Singular
ciągłym	None
zjemy	First person Plural
spotkaliśmy	First person Plural
rysunkiem	None
dawałby	Third person Singular
pożrę	First person Singular
okazałeś	Second person Singular
zbył	Third person Singular
runął	Third person Singular
uderzył	Third person Singular
spadało	Third person Singular
poprawiało	Third person Singular
rosły	Third person Plural
sprawdzało	Third person Singular
imponują	Third person Plural
sprawia	Third person Singular
planowała	Third person Singular
złapała	Third person Singular
ładujecie	Second person Plural
basenach	None
działały	Third person Plural
wygrałby	Third person Singular
dręczyły	Third person Plural
drapcie	Second person Plural
wodnej	None
wymyślają	Third person Plural
strugą	None
znaczą	Third person Plural
podejrzewała	Third person Singular
zwyciężała	Third person Singular
należysz	Second person Singular
rozmyślaliby	Third person Plural
martwili	Third person Plural
bramką	None
poczekajcie	Second person Plural
uprawiała	Third person Singular
jawiło	Third person Singular
przewidywalne	None
znali	Third person Plural
odstawili	Third person Plural
burzony	None
mordowało	Third person Singular
łapcie	Second person Plural
papuzim	None
padają	Third person Plural
wzrostowi	None
brodzą	Third person Plural
pocie	None
czerpały	Third person Plural
siejemy	First person Plural
znikała	Third person Singular
budzimy	First person Plural
rzymski	None
dadzą	Third person Plural
przesmyków	None
rozważę	First person Singular
substancjach	None
należał	Third person Singular
rządź	Second person Singular
proponowała	Third person Singular
sprawdziłem	First person Singular
szczekał	Third person Singular
wygrana	None
dwójkami	None
otrzymaliby	Third person Plural
widzisz	Second person Singular
obciążało	Third person Singular
budziło	Third person Singular
padająca	None
edytowała	Third person Singular
potwierdziłyby	Third person Plural
zdobią	Third person Plural
lękaj	Second person Singular
rozważyłbym	First person Singular
uwagami	None
pozwalaniem	None
młodszej	None
jednostką	None
zakochał	Third person Singular
znosiły	Third person Plural
lubelską	None
cenią	Third person Plural
połączyłaby	Third person Singular
wyjaśnialiśmy	First person Plural
dowodzę	First person Singular
uczestniczysz	Second person Singular
litewskimi	None
pamiętajcie	Second person Plural
komentowała	Third person Singular
dekoracyjna	None
paradygmatach	None
bunt	None
licealistom	None
podnosiło	Third person Singular
podziwia	Third person Singular
analogiom	None
łapałoby	Third person Singular
ratujcie	Second person Plural
zadały	Third person Plural
dziękowała	Third person Singular
hamujmy	First person Plural
zaczęłam	First person Singular
jęli	Third person Plural
skrótowców	None
potrzebowały	Third person Plural
składają	Third person Plural
przypuszczałem	First person Singular
zjebiesz	Second person Singular
zrobiliby	Third person Plural
młotki	None
kołnierzu	None
metalowemu	None
Chorwatowi	None
żółtawego	None
fotogeniczną	None
czerpało	Third person Singular
zamkniecie	Second person Plural
palisz	Second person Singular
kofeinowym	None
założyciele	None
uprawiają	Third person Plural
arkuszem	None
chrońmy	First person Plural
pojawiał	Third person Singular
sarka	Third person Singular
zapomniałam	First person Singular
zaczynał	Third person Singular
budzisz	Second person Singular
podpalili	Third person Plural
chwalimy	First person Plural
dziób	Second person Singular
obujcie	Second person Plural
groziłaby	Third person Singular
dzisiejsze	None
kuzyn	None
wyrzucę	First person Singular
śledziła	Third person Singular
słuchały	Third person Plural
ukraińskie	None
stoły	None
graniczyliśmy	First person Plural
zakazali	Third person Plural
szczudłakiem	None
zeruję	First person Singular
niezależni	None
łakną	Third person Plural
wnuczęciem	None
trwałoby	Third person Singular
zagrożeń	None
pozwalało	Third person Singular
sekretarki	None
zastanawia	Third person Singular
modliła	Third person Singular
korzystała	Third person Singular
twierdziłeś	Second person Singular
gorącą	None
stopniom	None
dźwigacie	Second person Plural
wymagałyby	Third person Plural
kradliście	Second person Plural
pieluszką	None
kanadyjskim	None
nazywaj	Second person Singular
uratowali	Third person Plural
pestkami	None
zbiorę	First person Singular
spieszmy	First person Plural
opisywałem	First person Singular
zamarzalibyście	Second person Plural
spadały	Third person Plural
kręcę	First person Singular
owocem	None
bronię	First person Singular
wisi	Third person Singular
chrzciłabyś	Second person Singular
sądziła	Third person Singular
zgubili	Third person Plural
gąsienicę	None
oddawało	Third person Singular
wykorzystywała	Third person Singular
używam	First person Singular
obiecuję	First person Singular
miauczałyby	Third person Plural
odkryłem	First person Singular
niewidoma	None
złamało	Third person Singular
antykiem	None
czyściłem	First person Singular
ufaj	Second person Singular
sefardyjscy	None
unicestwi	Third person Singular
patriotki	None
niknie	Third person Singular
łaziłybyście	Second person Plural
błądzą	Third person Plural
bieżącą	None
okazali	Third person Plural
kupiliśmy	First person Plural
opowiadam	First person Singular
tańczyli	Third person Plural
chcielibyście	Second person Plural
odkryliśmy	First person Plural
bankrutowały	Third person Plural
malutkiego	None
sapałaby	Third person Singular
dyniowy	None
lutuje	Third person Singular
sprawdziliby	Third person Plural
zszywaczy	None
gotuje	Third person Singular
odpowiadał	Third person Singular
dręczył	Third person Singular
ważniaku	None
czynił	Third person Singular
postradajmy	First person Plural
płacisz	Second person Singular
latasz	Second person Singular
nosi	Third person Singular
panują	Third person Plural
oddałbym	First person Singular
stację	None
ładowały	Third person Plural
przegapiłem	First person Singular
czytały	Third person Plural
gnam	First person Singular
chowacie	Second person Plural
skręcona	None
rzuciła	Third person Singular
Białorusina	None
przemyśl	Second person Singular
ćpałyśmy	First person Plural
siada	Third person Singular
głowice	None
chełpiłbym	First person Singular
niejasną	None
należała	Third person Singular
trwali	Third person Plural
negocjują	Third person Plural
zasługiwałabym	First person Singular
uczestniczą	Third person Plural
wyjaśnione	None
przeogromnymi	None
wyniósł	Third person Singular
ważni	None
panowało	Third person Singular
zbyli	Third person Plural
dosięgnie	Third person Singular
starasz	Second person Singular
pieprzyłaby	Third person Singular
podkradasz	Second person Singular
zasłużyłeś	Second person Singular
ruchomemu	None
znajdujemy	First person Plural
chłopaka	None
tłumaczą	Third person Plural
rozbije	Third person Singular
ojczymami	None
farb	None
wyłudza	Third person Singular
pomagają	Third person Plural
cybernetyki	None
miętusa	None
przyniosłyby	Third person Plural
klimatem	None
poroniły	Third person Plural
alkanami	None
wpływałeś	Second person Singular
ukryłyśmy	First person Plural
uważały	Third person Plural
umarło	Third person Singular
esemesuj	Second person Singular
pisałam	First person Singular
śniadałabym	First person Singular
opowiadałem	First person Singular
zapamiętało	Third person Singular
wspólnotach	None
kwietniową	None
klawiszem	None
orędziem	None
żyjemy	First person Plural
filmowałybyście	Second person Plural
znałeś	Second person Singular
polowaliśmy	First person Plural
cofa	Third person Singular
ciężarny	None
mrugałabyś	Second person Singular
trwają	Third person Plural
analizowałyśmy	First person Plural
notesów	None
dupczę	First person Singular
doceniała	Third person Singular
zawrą	Third person Plural
wisiały	Third person Plural
znikniecie	Second person Plural
męczyli	Third person Plural
dwórkę	None
uważamy	First person Plural
wyrzuciłbym	First person Singular
upuść	Second person Singular
kangurów	None
buddyjska	None
zasługiwało	Third person Singular
ukryjecie	Second person Plural
dziękuje	Third person Singular
otaczało	Third person Singular
znalazłyby	Third person Plural
namawiam	First person Singular
robią	Third person Plural
cypryjską	None
mijały	Third person Plural
jednokierunkową	None
jąkał	Third person Singular
krzyczysz	Second person Singular
kartonowa	None
wierzchowcem	None
próbowany	None
mylmy	First person Plural
obrzezanie	None
widzi	Third person Singular
uczmy	First person Plural
kroi	Third person Singular
wybiorę	First person Singular
martwiłaś	Second person Singular
magnetycznego	None
broniłeś	Second person Singular
wyjaśniam	First person Singular
puścił	Third person Singular
szerokiego	None
zaryzykuj	Second person Singular
zjadła	Third person Singular
kwilimy	First person Plural
szastały	Third person Plural
atakowałem	First person Singular
przoduje	Third person Singular
ścierniska	None
chcieliśmy	First person Plural
brudziłeś	Second person Singular
pożądaj	Second person Singular
atakuję	First person Singular
jałowcowym	None
zapominamy	First person Plural
opisywały	Third person Plural
uroków	None
konkurował	Third person Singular
zapraszali	Third person Plural
marzyłybyśmy	First person Plural
obraził	Third person Singular
Szkotkami	None
ściągali	Third person Plural
kultom	None
kłócę	First person Singular
zamrażarek	None
przygotowałem	First person Singular
osmie	None
opiekujemy	First person Plural
proponujemy	First person Plural
parasolowi	None
traktowała	Third person Singular
podkreślające	None
ratuj	Second person Singular
przyniósł	Third person Singular
samolubnych	None
pokrywa	Third person Singular
pędach	None
panowali	Third person Plural
tolerowała	Third person Singular
wąchałabym	First person Singular
przygotujcie	Second person Plural
umrze	Third person Singular
płaciłoby	Third person Singular
traktujcie	Second person Plural
tolerowali	Third person Plural
żądałbym	First person Singular
umrzyj	Second person Singular
garażem	None
puszczałybyście	Second person Plural
gila	None
ruszali	Third person Plural
sfałszował	Third person Singular
planował	Third person Singular
lubiłam	First person Singular
pederastów	None
zbierało	Third person Singular
księżniczce	None
zauważy	Third person Singular
mieszali	Third person Plural
chwialiśmy	First person Plural
chłopacy	None
ćwiczą	Third person Plural
sap	Second person Singular
odbierzesz	Second person Singular
opróżnimy	First person Plural
trybach	None
rózgi	None
rusza	Third person Singular
wytłumaczę	First person Singular
kirgiskich	None
przypominałby	Third person Singular
wejściom	None
rozpaczaj	Second person Singular
wyświetlające	None
przestrzegane	None
robiłeś	Second person Singular
wdepną	Third person Plural
jarząbkach	None
urodziłem	First person Singular
przeżytkami	None
występowałby	Third person Singular
drzemcie	Second person Plural
wylała	Third person Singular
wywołuję	First person Singular
ubogiej	None
programowi	None
dowodziła	Third person Singular
uwiedziony	None
zabrałem	First person Singular
grzmisz	Second person Singular
pożyczał	Third person Singular
zbiera	Third person Singular
nakryty	None
odach	None
odbieraliśmy	First person Plural
czekamy	First person Plural
zapomnieli	Third person Plural
łotewską	None
czekała	Third person Singular
wspominałybyśmy	First person Plural
tworzy	Third person Singular
akosmizm	None
zdobiło	Third person Singular
monado	None
zje	Third person Singular
lęka	Third person Singular
podkrada	Third person Singular
tłumaczyłoby	Third person Singular
zbiega	Third person Singular
jodłują	Third person Plural
przesadom	None
szubienic	None
piorą	Third person Plural
wyświetlały	Third person Plural
złożyli	Third person Plural
biegali	Third person Plural
wygrajmy	First person Plural
cofam	First person Singular
dojrzało	Third person Singular
strzelałyśmy	First person Plural
zwyczajnych	None
obaliłem	First person Singular
wpływał	Third person Singular
pijał	Third person Singular
migawki	None
wędka	None
gorących	None
czytasz	Second person Singular
gwałcili	Third person Plural
jawią	Third person Plural
miesiącach	None
ulubionym	None
edytowałoby	Third person Singular
pną	Third person Plural
ciasną	None
cieniem	None
chlebom	None
połykały	Third person Plural
notowało	Third person Singular
równoległościanie	None
podziwiamy	First person Plural
wybuchał	Third person Singular
lubię	First person Singular
dodawały	Third person Plural
załącznikom	None
dwójkę	None
domkiem	None
podała	Third person Singular
opróżniłyby	Third person Plural
szkodziły	Third person Plural
leczyła	Third person Singular
uważajcie	Second person Plural
zauważycie	Second person Plural
pojawiałbyś	Second person Singular
skrzypaczkami	None
oddamy	First person Plural
grożą	Third person Plural
absorbowałaby	Third person Singular
lata	Third person Singular
spójnika	None
kładli	Third person Plural
ambulansami	None
kopiują	Third person Plural
najnaturalniejszej	None
sprawdziłbyś	Second person Singular
zainsynuowali	Third person Plural
mieszkała	Third person Singular
złożyłem	First person Singular
posiadałyście	Second person Plural
wymiotuje	Third person Singular
rządziła	Third person Singular
składałeś	Second person Singular
łapali	Third person Plural
zamykaj	Second person Singular
toyotę	None
kupowały	Third person Plural
boją	None
wtórnych	None
Szwajcara	None
chroniłem	First person Singular
kwanty	None
dalibyśmy	First person Plural
padało	Third person Singular
kłam	Second person Singular
rzeczni	None
odbierały	Third person Plural
zamów	Second person Singular
odpoczywające	None
rozważają	Third person Plural
brzoskwiniowe	None
adwentem	None
zaufam	First person Singular
czyniły	Third person Plural
numeruję	First person Singular
szafeczkę	None
września	None
wahali	Third person Plural
starałeś	Second person Singular
miedziakiem	None
skórze	None
piszmy	First person Plural
dożyjemy	First person Plural
mola	None
patologiach	None
elita	None
autentyczne	None
dziękowali	Third person Plural
dokonam	First person Singular
uprzedzę	First person Singular
uciekałyśmy	First person Plural
dywersją	None
podpisałem	First person Singular
dostępniejsza	None
otrzymywałby	Third person Singular
ściągała	Third person Singular
śpiewamy	First person Plural
mylcie	Second person Plural
kółkiem	None
fosforowe	None
małpami	None
mordowały	Third person Plural
przeinaczyłeś	Second person Singular
występuje	Third person Singular
skończyły	Third person Plural
zdiagnozowali	Third person Plural
himalajskiej	None
panowaliście	Second person Plural
kosztuj	Second person Singular
podkreślali	Third person Plural
surówki	None
obejmuje	Third person Singular
podochodziliby	Third person Plural
zapamiętały	Third person Plural
złożyły	Third person Plural
zasłużyłem	First person Singular
imperatorowi	None
poróżniłam	First person Singular
wdychaliby	Third person Plural
wyglądam	First person Singular
identyfikowała	Third person Singular
kaucję	None
przyjęło	Third person Singular
kurów	None
osły	None
oświetlał	Third person Singular
biura	None
dziękował	Third person Singular
lucernę	None
odchodziło	Third person Singular
zmieniły	Third person Plural
przeżyłam	First person Singular
całują	Third person Plural
pokazaliśmy	First person Plural
pleonazmowi	None
najlżejszymi	None
drapieżnik	None
śledzą	Third person Plural
drażnicie	Second person Plural
potrzebował	Third person Singular
kupuj	Second person Singular
luk	None
plotkuje	Third person Singular
teatrach	None
jasnota	None
obserwowali	Third person Plural
tygrysie	None
rozproszony	None
ściągało	Third person Singular
halerz	None
znałam	First person Singular
odpoczywa	Third person Singular
poetyckim	None
oświetlają	Third person Plural
filmowali	Third person Plural
czynią	Third person Plural
podejrzewa	Third person Singular
klikają	Third person Plural
ćwiczyli	Third person Plural
poziomą	None
gapiłam	First person Singular
gaworzyłabym	First person Singular
wygramy	First person Plural
opiekują	Third person Plural
kompilowali	Third person Plural
bywali	Third person Plural
wdycha	Third person Singular
żądała	Third person Singular
kochałeś	Second person Singular
ekskrementu	None
obligacjach	None
wybiera	Third person Singular
archaniołowi	None
upuścił	Third person Singular
hachamach	None
wyświetlała	Third person Singular
ciucha	None
zrobiłam	First person Singular
wspomniałaś	Second person Singular
pokonania	None
pomagasz	Second person Singular
poprawiłbyś	Second person Singular
wstawalibyśmy	First person Plural
dożyjecie	Second person Plural
gasiłoby	Third person Singular
zrobiła	Third person Singular
grynszpan	None
kwestionują	Third person Plural
latali	Third person Plural
tracimy	First person Plural
septymę	None
oddawalibyśmy	First person Plural
opisywałyśmy	First person Plural
palę	First person Singular
popełnił	Third person Singular
spieszyła	Third person Singular
szarogęsiłabyś	Second person Singular
poi	Third person Singular
zagranicznego	None
zimowały	Third person Plural
klęczy	Third person Singular
otrzymał	Third person Singular
żałowałby	Third person Singular
zaprowadziłaby	Third person Singular
dmuchali	Third person Plural
radioamator	None
złupiłabyś	Second person Singular
dokonałybyśmy	First person Plural
żyje	Third person Singular
kłóciłam	First person Singular
uchodźcy	None
traciła	Third person Singular
sprawdzajcie	Second person Plural
przynieśli	Third person Plural
znosił	Third person Singular
diagnozuj	Second person Singular
zastanawiały	Third person Plural
kryły	Third person Plural
zaprosił	Third person Singular
adrenalin	None
przyjmują	Third person Plural
dąsajcie	Second person Plural
wyborcy	None
nastolatkiem	None
szoku	None
panuję	First person Singular
poprawiałeś	Second person Singular
powtarzał	Third person Singular
rodzimy	First person Plural
lokomotywy	None
ukrywały	Third person Plural
znoszę	First person Singular
uderzają	Third person Plural
widzieliście	Second person Plural
zapomniałbym	First person Singular
słuchając	None
konkurowało	Third person Singular
dymający	None
śmiałby	Third person Singular
uczestniczę	First person Singular
mądrzyłbyś	Second person Singular
splądrowałaś	Second person Singular
sieją	Third person Plural
guglałabyś	Second person Singular
mieszka	Third person Singular
piosenkarce	None
skutków	None
ostrożniejszej	None
dowiedzieć	None
logicznej	None
otrzymałam	First person Singular
maskuje	Third person Singular
selenie	None
cierniami	None
fruwa	Third person Singular
lękali	Third person Plural
chłeptaj	Second person Singular
rozstrojowi	None
jonizują	Third person Plural
chwilowej	None
poruchaliście	Second person Plural
identyfikują	Third person Plural
stanowiły	Third person Plural
gwieździści	None
broniło	Third person Singular
płaci	Third person Singular
przegrał	Third person Singular
spadkami	None
pokrywają	Third person Plural
kłusowaliby	Third person Plural
najwolniejszego	None
zniszczyłby	Third person Singular
wybierał	Third person Singular
organizuję	First person Singular
hostel	None
nękałeś	Second person Singular
sierpowi	None
poincie	None
radianach	None
odpocznie	Third person Singular
odkrywało	Third person Singular
desenie	None
umysł	None
gardzić	None
obserwujesz	Second person Singular
pożądał	Third person Singular
wybierałbyś	Second person Singular
twierdziła	Third person Singular
szukałby	Third person Singular
wulkanem	None
kłuje	Third person Singular
lepiłbym	First person Singular
kradnie	Third person Singular
lorensie	None
napięciu	None
składałby	Third person Singular
zastanawiasz	Second person Singular
chruścikom	None
zarabiał	Third person Singular
bohatyrnęłyśmy	First person Plural
politykami	None
zerżnie	Third person Singular
zmieniała	Third person Singular
obiecywały	Third person Plural
dawałem	First person Singular
mądrzyliście	Second person Plural
krajem	None
zamknęło	Third person Singular
księdzu	None
przyjąłby	Third person Singular
spodziewało	Third person Singular
przesadzają	Third person Plural
powtórzyli	Third person Plural
rozbij	Second person Singular
używały	Third person Plural
wspanialszych	None
łatwiejszemu	None
płynąc	None
jeździłem	First person Singular
wzroście	None
cerkiewnosłowiańskiego	None
podały	Third person Plural
wsparły	Third person Plural
drukowałaś	Second person Singular
trwałych	None
zamorduje	Third person Singular
podałaś	Second person Singular
najrozsądniejsze	None
otrzymujemy	First person Plural
pobrałybyście	Second person Plural
skaczcie	Second person Plural
zmieniłam	First person Singular
tańczy	Third person Singular
poprawi	Third person Singular
kosztował	Third person Singular
burdelom	None
eksperymentowali	Third person Plural
podpiszą	Third person Plural
ewentualna	None
wskazywałaby	Third person Singular
szukałam	First person Singular
siąkniesz	Second person Singular
podziwiałem	First person Singular
sypią	Third person Plural
szkice	None
wymusi	Third person Singular
palcem	None
rozważy	Third person Singular
drgają	Third person Plural
zamykamy	First person Plural
życzyły	Third person Plural
gwiżdż	Second person Singular
uczęszczały	Third person Plural
napisały	Third person Plural
uczyłam	First person Singular
niecierpka	None
najzwyklejsza	None
uzasadnień	None
niszczymy	First person Plural
poczekalniom	None
śpiewali	Third person Plural
zauważyliśmy	First person Plural
chciałem	First person Singular
traktował	Third person Singular
sprawiasz	Second person Singular
składał	Third person Singular
ganków	None
korzystałoby	Third person Singular
paszczury	None
całuje	Third person Singular
szlachcicowi	None
bluzgaj	Second person Singular
złożyłybyśmy	First person Plural
zlewu	None
dedykował	Third person Singular
zwycięża	Third person Singular
okazały	Third person Plural
hamowały	Third person Plural
wykopmy	First person Plural
podzbiorem	None
rąbał	Third person Singular
zamówiłaby	Third person Singular
banglało	Third person Singular
sprawiają	Third person Plural
rozmawialibyście	Second person Plural
składaliby	Third person Plural
poprawiłem	First person Singular
rzekłyby	Third person Plural
wybrała	Third person Singular
absorbują	Third person Plural
oliwa	None
edytowali	Third person Plural
nazywały	Third person Plural
lekkiemu	None
wokalisto	None
grzmią	Third person Plural
licho	None
kupcowi	None
pomagały	Third person Plural
nadepnął	Third person Singular
taję	First person Singular
kwiatowy	None
pisz	Second person Singular
tworzyłem	First person Singular
zakładnika	None
tracę	First person Singular
gryź	Second person Singular
zbierałem	First person Singular
zabalsamujmy	First person Plural
drapała	Third person Singular
konfigurowalibyście	Second person Plural
złupiona	None
należę	First person Singular
wynajęła	Third person Singular
pojaw	Second person Singular
zadałeś	Second person Singular
żartuj	Second person Singular
królestwu	None
szanują	Third person Plural
meteorytem	None
cofałaby	Third person Singular
opisywali	Third person Plural
koszmarem	None
wymów	Second person Singular
zapominałabyś	Second person Singular
orkę	None
łuków	None
przysięgał	Third person Singular
nadchodzą	Third person Plural
turecką	None
pisali	Third person Plural
mieszały	Third person Plural
krymskotatarską	None
zabiła	Third person Singular
zazdrościła	Third person Singular
wymagały	Third person Plural
basiory	None
myliłby	Third person Singular
obalali	Third person Plural
pijalibyście	Second person Plural
rozważało	Third person Singular
cząsteczka	None
pożyczyła	Third person Singular
podrzędne	None
podatnych	None
potwierdziłoby	Third person Singular
czytają	Third person Plural
wandalizmach	None
uznawała	Third person Singular
hongkońskim	None
dokonałeś	Second person Singular
żuki	None
starałem	First person Singular
drapieżnikowi	None
strukturą	None
brodzę	First person Singular
sabotują	Third person Plural
konkurowaniu	None
zmieniały	Third person Plural
skłamana	None
zauważyłbyś	Second person Singular
oceniło	Third person Singular
wierzą	Third person Plural
dymnic	None
rozwiązaliśmy	First person Plural
fruwałbym	First person Singular
otworzyłoby	Third person Singular
wyrzuciło	Third person Singular
wymaga	Third person Singular
susi	None
toną	Third person Plural
prezentacja	None
kupował	Third person Singular
myślniki	None
despota	None
splądrowałybyśmy	First person Plural
rób	Second person Singular
rozmawiam	First person Singular
wyprasowałybyście	Second person Plural
podkreślała	Third person Singular
róbmy	First person Plural
ignoruję	First person Singular
ryczałbyś	Second person Singular
nękał	Third person Singular
bałtyckiej	None
tłumaczyły	Third person Plural
puchaczy	None
maksymalnych	None
uprawiał	Third person Singular
niemy	None
skręć	Second person Singular
narzekają	Third person Plural
szczegółem	None
zachorowałyście	Second person Plural
słynęło	Third person Singular
doprowadzałybyśmy	First person Plural
wspomniała	Third person Singular
cytujesz	Second person Singular
głodówki	None
pigułki	None
martwota	None
zazdrości	Third person Singular
wskazuję	First person Singular
nadużywalibyście	Second person Plural
zasługiwałyby	Third person Plural
dokonywała	Third person Singular
krótkometrażowej	None
odrzucą	Third person Plural
parkowałabyś	Second person Singular
odpoczywali	Third person Plural
ukrywali	Third person Plural
spieszcie	Second person Plural
łyskę	None
przepraszał	Third person Singular
szkielet	None
życzył	Third person Singular
zadzwoń	Second person Singular
wypędziło	Third person Singular
edytowałam	First person Singular
uważaj	Second person Singular
zakochali	Third person Plural
semantykami	None
wskażą	Third person Plural
wykopie	Third person Singular
cnocie	None
zaprzeczyło	Third person Singular
zapominała	Third person Singular
budziły	Third person Plural
kocowi	None
dochodziły	Third person Plural
zazdroszczę	First person Singular
ludzkie	None
atakuj	Second person Singular
uratowały	Third person Plural
ukrywaj	Second person Singular
doświadczeń	None
zgubiła	Third person Singular
sprzeciwu	None
kombinezonie	None
ostrzegała	Third person Singular
ratuje	Third person Singular
pożądajcie	Second person Plural
traktuję	First person Singular
śledziłabym	First person Singular
zaprzeczyły	Third person Plural
sarkałabyś	Second person Singular
złożyłeś	Second person Singular
liniał	Third person Singular
izoleucynom	None
zębie	None
szczerzyłeś	Second person Singular
łudźmy	First person Plural
grzeszy	Third person Singular
rzygaliby	Third person Plural
najpowszechniejszą	None
bawełny	None
lutowałby	Third person Singular
symuluje	Third person Singular
znajdowałoby	Third person Singular
rozbił	Third person Singular
wyjaśniałem	First person Singular
żąda	Third person Singular
zaloguj	Second person Singular
zamieszanie	None
umówimy	First person Plural
zbiegajmy	First person Plural
wolnego	None
dowiedzieliście	Second person Plural
rzygaczu	None
pozostają	Third person Plural
cytowało	Third person Singular
wierzchowca	None
dosięgnęłam	First person Singular
włączam	First person Singular
szczepionce	None
odwiedzasz	Second person Singular
gromadziliby	Third person Plural
zapomniało	Third person Singular
tradycyjną	None
żałujesz	Second person Singular
posłuchało	Third person Singular
świerzbiałeś	Second person Singular
posłuchał	Third person Singular
podnosiłem	First person Singular
kserowałbyś	Second person Singular
milczały	Third person Plural
halę	None
dobyłeś	Second person Singular
unikasz	Second person Singular
bąków	None
złożonych	None
wskazany	None
zapamiętałem	First person Singular
narzekało	Third person Singular
kompoście	None
przeczytały	Third person Plural
znajdowałem	First person Singular
poronilibyśmy	First person Plural
przyniosłoby	Third person Singular
wygrałaby	Third person Singular
zaniechał	Third person Singular
cytował	Third person Singular
wystawie	None
ciekła	Third person Singular
krzyczeli	Third person Plural
pogada	Third person Singular
oskarżała	Third person Singular
uderzą	Third person Plural
podpaliłbym	First person Singular
najzręczniejszej	None
cenili	Third person Plural
miauczałam	First person Singular
wystarczała	Third person Singular
składałyby	Third person Plural
odpadów	None
ograniczałaby	Third person Singular
posłucha	Third person Singular
mięknie	Third person Singular
ginęły	Third person Plural
burzył	Third person Singular
pisałeś	Second person Singular
mieszało	Third person Singular
zrozumiała	Third person Singular
grzybobraniem	None
rąbią	Third person Plural
dyszę	First person Singular
egzaminowaliście	Second person Plural
widzieliby	Third person Plural
wracasz	Second person Singular
gasiliście	Second person Plural
dostępne	None
gromadzą	Third person Plural
kłaść	None
kupiły	Third person Plural
podejrzane	None
gadach	None
kaucje	None
charkając	None
wymówiła	Third person Singular
tłuszczu	None
dotykają	Third person Plural
gołe	None
wyglądałby	Third person Singular
kierujesz	Second person Singular
kołacz	None
próbująca	None
wyglądali	Third person Plural
oddam	First person Singular
poróżniłby	Third person Singular
pokazywało	Third person Singular
rozsadzalibyśmy	First person Plural
mylą	Third person Plural
pytają	Third person Plural
całowali	Third person Plural
biuro	None
grzebać	None
całuj	Second person Singular
korzystałby	Third person Singular
drewno	None
kieruję	First person Singular
odwiedzał	Third person Singular
podpisałeś	Second person Singular
świstaku	None
kładł	Third person Singular
świadomych	None
potwierdzi	Third person Singular
uczyliśmy	First person Plural
islandzką	None
dziąsłowego	None
zarezerwowały	Third person Plural
uderzaj	Second person Singular
pomyje	None
zweryfikowałeś	Second person Singular
opróżnili	Third person Plural
betonowi	None
znika	Third person Singular
biegunce	None
odrzućcie	Second person Plural
ocaliłby	Third person Singular
obiecałeś	Second person Singular
chmurach	None
odpowiadać	None
szajbę	None
kotom	None
stracilibyśmy	First person Plural
rozmawiał	Third person Singular
zastanawiają	Third person Plural
ćwiczyłyby	Third person Plural
próbowaliśmy	First person Plural
utleniło	Third person Singular
miewałybyście	Second person Plural
pokażemy	First person Plural
ruszam	First person Singular
gotowały	Third person Plural
dotykamy	First person Plural
wędrowałam	First person Singular
młoda	None
kop	Second person Singular
więdnie	Third person Singular
chłeptali	Third person Plural
zastanawialiśmy	First person Plural
usunę	First person Singular
piszczy	Third person Singular
wyniesione	None
topolowej	None
pochówkom	None
gromadzimy	First person Plural
pieskach	None
kontrolami	None
poronili	Third person Plural
wspominałem	First person Singular
sceptykiem	None
ważnemu	None
parkują	Third person Plural
opowiadaj	Second person Singular
wystarczał	Third person Singular
hasacie	Second person Plural
konsularnym	None
czosnkowych	None
dokonałaby	Third person Singular
spotkałby	Third person Singular
cofałem	First person Singular
dajesz	Second person Singular
wiał	Third person Singular
pozwalałaby	Third person Singular
urodziło	Third person Singular
lansowałam	First person Singular
marz	Second person Singular
wysyłał	Third person Singular
puenta	None
zasługiwałoby	Third person Singular
płynęłoby	Third person Singular
przyniosłem	First person Singular
bagażom	None
poprawili	Third person Plural
czerwcowi	None
dacie	Second person Plural
chciałyby	Third person Plural
stawiały	Third person Plural
kłamie	Third person Singular
spuszczały	Third person Plural
oddała	Third person Singular
uśpienie	None
duszą	Third person Plural
podróżowali	Third person Plural
armiom	None
pozwalałybyście	Second person Plural
zacznę	First person Singular
śnij	Second person Singular
traktowałem	First person Singular
wpływowymi	None
odchodzę	First person Singular
dziobie	Third person Singular
częstych	None
szafka	None
zrozumcie	Second person Plural
posiadasz	Second person Singular
jąka	Third person Singular
kłócą	Third person Plural
kręcił	Third person Singular
pisząc	None
wydział	None
identyfikowało	Third person Singular
zapraszały	Third person Plural
chadzam	First person Singular
starożytni	None
trącił	Third person Singular
kicha	Third person Singular
zabijesz	Second person Singular
drzemałybyście	Second person Plural
podpisały	Third person Plural
splądrujesz	Second person Singular
wynajęło	Third person Singular
jadał	Third person Singular
wydmie	None
karaluchów	None
wyjaśniła	Third person Singular
pachnieli	Third person Plural
wywołały	Third person Plural
podkreślał	Third person Singular
czułbym	First person Singular
legionistów	None
parowach	None
otrzymywała	Third person Singular
zabrałeś	Second person Singular
nożom	None
dokonacie	Second person Plural
obgadałyśmy	First person Plural
ruszałeś	Second person Singular
dżemu	None
książeczkom	None
rzuciłeś	Second person Singular
robiłbym	First person Singular
szukałeś	Second person Singular
polskiemu	None
śledzę	First person Singular
lubiłem	First person Singular
przypomną	Third person Plural
osobistego	None
zamordowała	Third person Singular
mądrzejcie	Second person Plural
życząc	None
dźwignęliście	Second person Plural
pobrał	Third person Singular
strajki	None
stracą	Third person Plural
oddało	Third person Singular
poprawiłabym	First person Singular
błądzę	First person Singular
dotykał	Third person Singular
Żydówką	None
włączają	Third person Plural
opatentowałam	First person Singular
okazał	Third person Singular
wygrał	Third person Singular
gońcie	Second person Plural
parują	Third person Plural
siedź	Second person Singular
ignorujesz	Second person Singular
popełnisz	Second person Singular
znalazła	Third person Singular
pochodzą	Third person Plural
ryczy	Third person Singular
heretyckich	None
stratom	None
spotkało	Third person Singular
macedońską	None
tropikalnych	None
napruty	None
umówili	Third person Plural
doprowadzaliby	Third person Plural
gnałabyś	Second person Singular
klikamy	First person Plural
mrówników	None
śpię	First person Singular
dodali	Third person Plural
grzebałem	First person Singular
pozwalasz	Second person Singular
otaczał	Third person Singular
kraczecie	Second person Plural
przeprosilibyśmy	First person Plural
uważałam	First person Singular
strojowi	None
zabraliśmy	First person Plural
wspomni	Third person Singular
umyli	Third person Plural
stulatkach	None
śpiewają	Third person Plural
szanuje	Third person Singular
wywołałby	Third person Singular
wierzył	Third person Singular
zrzuciłem	First person Singular
długowłosego	None
namawiali	Third person Plural
obrabowałbym	First person Singular
kryją	Third person Plural
zerkało	Third person Singular
siedziałem	First person Singular
czułem	First person Singular
pytasz	Second person Singular
zaciążyłeś	Second person Singular
opowiadasz	Second person Singular
pija	Third person Singular
zarezerwowała	Third person Singular
iniekcją	None
bronią	Third person Plural
kłosem	None
różnobarwny	None
wyjaśniłeś	Second person Singular
ufali	Third person Plural
obejmowały	Third person Plural
mkną	Third person Plural
czekajmy	First person Plural
podkreśla	Third person Singular
obserwowałam	First person Singular
podpisze	Third person Singular
uwielbialiby	Third person Plural
polecał	Third person Singular
przyjmowało	Third person Singular
antonimów	None
pogrzebałem	First person Singular
zapłaciłem	First person Singular
srałaby	Third person Singular
osobą	None
stawalibyśmy	First person Plural
konfigurowały	Third person Plural
orkiestrami	None
filolog	None
kokosowym	None
umrą	Third person Plural
chwal	Second person Singular
zawarł	Third person Singular
uczestniczymy	First person Plural
złamałem	First person Singular
cielska	None
widzimy	First person Plural
pomaga	Third person Singular
hieroglify	None
kapryśnym	None
bezkształtnej	None
sprzeczki	None
czekałam	First person Singular
obserwatorzy	None
skrócę	First person Singular
wyrządzili	Third person Plural
rozróżniają	Third person Plural
chadzają	Third person Plural
życzenie	None
zadał	Third person Singular
zabójstwami	None
odbudowały	Third person Plural
denerwują	Third person Plural
załączniki	None
budź	Second person Singular
japonkom	None
lim	None
maszeruję	First person Singular
rusz	Second person Singular
poznasz	Second person Singular
sprzyjamy	First person Plural
czekajcie	Second person Plural
zabrała	Third person Singular
odstawił	Third person Singular
kolanom	None
mazią	None
gotują	Third person Plural
awangardy	None
opuszczaliście	Second person Plural
goń	Second person Singular
wytryskuje	Third person Singular
siekiera	None
otworzysz	Second person Singular
próbujmy	First person Plural
doprowadzalibyście	Second person Plural
daty	None
odpowiada	Third person Singular
stracisz	Second person Singular
hymnami	None
proponuje	Third person Singular
maskują	Third person Plural
zjedz	Second person Singular
lichwiarka	None
pogadamy	First person Plural
zalogujmy	First person Plural
szkodził	Third person Singular
zerżnę	First person Singular
otworzyła	Third person Singular
kryształom	None
działali	Third person Plural
rozmyła	Third person Singular
schlebia	Third person Singular
występowały	Third person Plural
dojrzał	Third person Singular
dziwmy	First person Plural
lasku	None
kwaśnymi	None
kochajmy	First person Plural
podamy	First person Plural
ładujemy	First person Plural
odraczamy	First person Plural
ćwiekowi	None
żuli	Third person Plural
obiecują	Third person Plural
tańczymy	First person Plural
pamiętam	First person Singular
anarchistami	None
tonął	Third person Singular
poprośmy	First person Plural
taternikach	None
atakujesz	Second person Singular
fontannę	None
tłumaczysz	Second person Singular
akuszerka	None
toluenom	None
dodamy	First person Plural
oszukańczemu	None
wyjęli	Third person Plural
zrozumiałeś	Second person Singular
dotykała	Third person Singular
kurem	None
zasługiwały	Third person Plural
gapicie	Second person Plural
pochodzi	Third person Singular
przeżyła	Third person Singular
porodówkami	None
staję	First person Singular
kliprem	None
wyrzuciła	Third person Singular
dziewczyny	None
jednoznaczne	None
zabrały	Third person Plural
kłóćcie	Second person Plural
wystarczalibyście	Second person Plural
zdaniami	None
wykitowałaś	Second person Singular
greckimi	None
buławnik	None
jadali	Third person Plural
abonujmy	First person Plural
oglądaj	Second person Singular
groziłaś	Second person Singular
implozja	None
kucałeś	Second person Singular
dąsają	Third person Plural
przestrzegał	Third person Singular
rozproszyli	Third person Plural
ratowałem	First person Singular
debiutem	None
lakonicznych	None
poprowadziłem	First person Singular
odnawialnym	None
polowali	Third person Plural
uratuj	Second person Singular
pachnielibyście	Second person Plural
drgamy	First person Plural
dodzwoniłyśmy	First person Plural
wymógł	Third person Singular
oświetlałaś	Second person Singular
gniją	Third person Plural
podpisałyście	Second person Plural
znikali	Third person Plural
brukowców	None
poluj	Second person Singular
kucaj	Second person Singular
chwiałbym	First person Singular
studiuje	Third person Singular
kubła	None
mierzyli	Third person Plural
dedykowanie	None
żałuję	First person Singular
tyłbym	First person Singular
weź	Second person Singular
ciecz	Second person Singular
upuści	Third person Singular
bangla	Third person Singular
napisali	Third person Plural
odchodzą	Third person Plural
zakochałam	First person Singular
obrotowi	None
seniorze	None
port	None
zamknęli	Third person Plural
denerwował	Third person Singular
klikam	First person Singular
kręćcie	Second person Plural
wujku	None
utworami	None
suszą	Third person Plural
spadali	Third person Plural
naprawiały	Third person Plural
logopedyczną	None
wymiociny	None
szczuł	Third person Singular
klawisza	None
przyjmijmy	First person Plural
wisiała	Third person Singular
czujemy	First person Plural
mordowali	Third person Plural
woltyżerka	None
sławnego	None
wymyśliły	Third person Plural
zamykały	Third person Plural
indoeuropejskie	None
bezczelna	None
szczegółowych	None
denaturatu	None
taj	Second person Singular
koję	First person Singular
spodziewając	None
piszczą	Third person Plural
osobowego	None
cybernetykę	None
domenę	None
wymyśliłyśmy	First person Plural
podziwiają	Third person Plural
przeszkadzajcie	Second person Plural
pokazują	Third person Plural
pochodźcie	Second person Plural
naprawiam	First person Singular
miewała	Third person Singular
dowie	Third person Singular
okaże	Third person Singular
uznawaliśmy	First person Plural
twardówkami	None
połknie	Third person Singular
bronicie	Second person Plural
gabinetami	None
podałbym	First person Singular
męczy	Third person Singular
przodowała	Third person Singular
migdałowi	None
poprawiasz	Second person Singular
wartymi	None
wąchała	Third person Singular
zaprosiło	Third person Singular
ograniczają	Third person Plural
tosterowi	None
ratujmy	First person Plural
gonimy	First person Plural
skończyłeś	Second person Singular
planuje	Third person Singular
znaj	Second person Singular
pobrana	None
wykorzystywałem	First person Singular
czytajcie	Second person Plural
cytuje	Third person Singular
chwaliła	Third person Singular
konkurują	Third person Plural
wiało	Third person Singular
zrozumiało	Third person Singular
uwielbiam	First person Singular
chcą	Third person Plural
ocenię	First person Singular
zebrałoby	Third person Singular
odwzajemnilibyście	Second person Plural
dzierży	Third person Singular
zestawili	Third person Plural
zapłaciłabym	First person Singular
poprzedzał	Third person Singular
czerpiesz	Second person Singular
stróżu	None
spodkowi	None
pulsary	None
fantastyczna	None
Norwega	None
chełpiłby	Third person Singular
Grzesiek	None
modlił	Third person Singular
mordowałabyś	Second person Singular
ignorowałbyś	Second person Singular
produkuję	First person Singular
obrzęknęły	Third person Plural
usuwamy	First person Plural
zjedzą	Third person Plural
zastanawiali	Third person Plural
przeżyjesz	Second person Singular
arystokratą	None
okazałoby	Third person Singular
sprawiał	Third person Singular
poprawimy	First person Plural
chciałbym	First person Singular
przynieś	Second person Singular
słynnych	None
ucieka	Third person Singular
wymiotował	Third person Singular
rozważamy	First person Plural
tulejach	None
potrzebowałem	First person Singular
wstaje	Third person Singular
chcemy	First person Plural
parodią	None
wykopała	Third person Singular
okrągli	None
aktywistkę	None
wymiotowałam	First person Singular
działajcie	Second person Plural
usuwałbym	First person Singular
humanistach	None
wybierasz	Second person Singular
stawali	Third person Plural
kompiluje	Third person Singular
zawiodła	Third person Singular
zaprzeczy	Third person Singular
opróżnicie	Second person Plural
walucie	None
znalazł	Third person Singular
wyrzutnio	None
głupim	None
komedie	None
wymagałaby	Third person Singular
elit	None
groziło	Third person Singular
uprzedziłeś	Second person Singular
bohatyrnęliby	Third person Plural
tłumaczyło	Third person Singular
płyń	Second person Singular
zakażenie	None
sumienna	None
wylały	Third person Plural
odpowiadałyby	Third person Plural
uwiodła	Third person Singular
zespoloną	None
grzebała	Third person Singular
trzymała	Third person Singular
widownię	None
nurkował	Third person Singular
orkiestry	None
łapią	Third person Plural
dałam	First person Singular
ogarem	None
kapowalibyśmy	First person Plural
siani	None
supłach	None
znosiła	Third person Singular
zazdrosnej	None
neuronu	None
wielojęzyczne	None
chwiałabyś	Second person Singular
pupo	None
kronikarzem	None
sernikach	None
czerpała	Third person Singular
kibicują	Third person Plural
notował	Third person Singular
dziobało	Third person Singular
sprzyjała	Third person Singular
proponował	Third person Singular
napisałby	Third person Singular
haftowałabym	First person Singular
żywic	None
połączyłabym	First person Singular
szynkom	None
morduje	Third person Singular
narzekaniom	None
zrozumieli	Third person Plural
marnujemy	First person Plural
zniknęły	Third person Plural
kameleonie	None
marę	None
opatentowali	Third person Plural
damy	First person Plural
wysyłają	Third person Plural
pieśnią	None
morelowym	None
ukrywałyście	Second person Plural
pobrało	Third person Singular
pobożną	None
zburzyłybyście	Second person Plural
odbieramy	First person Plural
umiera	Third person Singular
trzebmy	First person Plural
abonował	Third person Singular
średnikami	None
odebraliście	Second person Plural
spotkam	First person Singular
ratowały	Third person Plural
rozważyłaś	Second person Singular
łodzikowi	None
zmieniacie	Second person Plural
amoniak	None
sobowtóra	None
poczekaliśmy	First person Plural
ćwiczy	Third person Singular
gniło	Third person Singular
wywiadami	None
kichając	None
wołają	Third person Plural
dziecku	None
doi	Third person Singular
bólów	None
żydowski	None
nazywała	Third person Singular
atakują	Third person Plural
perzem	None
dodadzą	Third person Plural
wykitujesz	Second person Singular
wywoływała	Third person Singular
płaciły	Third person Plural
składała	Third person Singular
wskazałam	First person Singular
usuniesz	Second person Singular
zatrzymało	Third person Singular
wiosłowanie	None
doprowadzał	Third person Singular
zabijcie	Second person Plural
wywołałoby	Third person Singular
grzebię	First person Singular
przestrzegały	Third person Plural
niszczył	Third person Singular
podziwiam	First person Singular
łaziło	Third person Singular
potrzebuje	Third person Singular
chcę	First person Singular
dodawało	Third person Singular
grzesznikiem	None
wygrały	Third person Plural
klika	Third person Singular
niszczysz	Second person Singular
tłumacz	Second person Singular
chowała	Third person Singular
przypomina	Third person Singular
widziałem	First person Singular
geograficznym	None
chowałabyś	Second person Singular
nadchodziłybyście	Second person Plural
ostrzega	Third person Singular
rytualnych	None
prefekturo	None
uczęszczają	Third person Plural
głuchego	None
zrozum	Second person Singular
odrzuciłeś	Second person Singular
zdementowali	Third person Plural
znaleźli	Third person Plural
oglądamy	First person Plural
złożylibyśmy	First person Plural
impresjonizm	None
zachodziłaby	Third person Singular
wyniosłaby	Third person Singular
spróbujesz	Second person Singular
spałaszowały	Third person Plural
kastrat	None
gazetówkę	None
kwestionuję	First person Singular
pozostawali	Third person Plural
odkrywała	Third person Singular
wierz	Second person Singular
poprosiłeś	Second person Singular
dokonało	Third person Singular
najmierniejsi	None
męcz	Second person Singular
podkreślało	Third person Singular
zgubiłeś	Second person Singular
rozwiążemy	First person Plural
detektywach	None
pokrywał	Third person Singular
najgorsze	None
tyrozyny	None
zapominałabym	First person Singular
rozmawia	Third person Singular
gęstszy	None
gromadźcie	Second person Plural
głównych	None
patriotko	None
wesprą	Third person Plural
wyglądają	Third person Plural
pożądajmy	First person Plural
dbało	Third person Singular
zrzucili	Third person Plural
zgubił	Third person Singular
nastawił	Third person Singular
wizerunku	None
najczulsze	None
śpisz	Second person Singular
zabijmy	First person Plural
urodziła	Third person Singular
żywicę	None
przemyślę	First person Singular
rzucam	First person Singular
lepią	Third person Plural
uważałyście	Second person Plural
pojawiam	First person Singular
planowałaś	Second person Singular
zrozumiem	First person Singular
zacznijcie	Second person Plural
zaczynaliśmy	First person Plural
kontrolowała	Third person Singular
schowało	Third person Singular
ryje	None
pogadam	First person Singular
chcesz	Second person Singular
zarabiała	Third person Singular
obrażają	Third person Plural
trzaskała	Third person Singular
cytujemy	First person Plural
zebrałem	First person Singular
napisałabym	First person Singular
grabił	Third person Singular
machała	Third person Singular
składam	First person Singular
zostawiliśmy	First person Plural
antarktycznej	None
tonie	Third person Singular
palą	Third person Plural
holowniki	None
spodziewałem	First person Singular
pożycza	Third person Singular
zebrał	Third person Singular
śmialibyśmy	First person Plural
bytowa	None
ptaszek	None
przegrali	Third person Plural
zadupi	None
okrzynami	None
czarownicą	None
zbierajcie	Second person Plural
odkryją	Third person Plural
odkrywałybyśmy	First person Plural
ostatki	None
rozważmy	First person Plural
sprawdź	Second person Singular
murkiem	None
oddałeś	Second person Singular
uratujemy	First person Plural
szczepionką	None
odpowiedniejszy	None
rycerzu	None
pędzę	First person Singular
rozmawiaj	Second person Singular
wybierali	Third person Plural
kopiowałybyśmy	First person Plural
zauważyliście	Second person Plural
marzyłem	First person Singular
ratował	Third person Singular
rozróżni	Third person Singular
optyczna	None
wypędzę	First person Singular
dziękujemy	First person Plural
przyjmowaliśmy	First person Plural
uczyła	Third person Singular
gada	Third person Singular
straciliśmy	First person Plural
kopią	Third person Plural
nurkowałybyście	Second person Plural
negocjowały	Third person Plural
zestawienie	None
poróżniłabyś	Second person Singular
próbował	Third person Singular
edytuje	Third person Singular
miewało	Third person Singular
rodzę	First person Singular
kosztowałaby	Third person Singular
rozmyliśmy	First person Plural
napiszę	First person Singular
pokazuj	Second person Singular
ogarniały	Third person Plural
uderzyły	Third person Plural
przemyślałeś	Second person Singular
poznałeś	Second person Singular
przywództwem	None
życzyła	Third person Singular
taniec	None
Kanadyjka	None
wyjaśniłam	First person Singular
nazywajmy	First person Plural
psuło	Third person Singular
poprawia	Third person Singular
przekomarzaliście	Second person Plural
szkodziło	Third person Singular
migren	None
alkoholami	None
ograniczało	Third person Singular
skrzypmy	First person Plural
wybierajmy	First person Plural
skończyłem	First person Singular
homomorfizm	None
niszczy	Third person Singular
czerep	None
zachorowali	Third person Plural
dodają	Third person Plural
fruwają	Third person Plural
gryzły	Third person Plural
zbierała	Third person Singular
opuszczać	None
pęknięty	None
kleiłbyś	Second person Singular
uśpię	First person Singular
odradzało	Third person Singular
graniczyła	Third person Singular
zastanawiacie	Second person Plural
niewidomi	None
miauczy	Third person Singular
obciążały	Third person Plural
opowiadają	Third person Plural
szczupaku	None
łamałby	Third person Singular
dziwcie	Second person Plural
korzystam	First person Singular
czytaj	Second person Singular
sądzicie	Second person Plural
zabrałaś	Second person Singular
ametystowa	None
poetycki	None
pogrzebię	First person Singular
zaniechałem	First person Singular
przeżyłby	Third person Singular
wymyślasz	Second person Singular
Izraelki	None
grabiły	Third person Plural
szukało	Third person Singular
zabijamy	First person Plural
kupisz	Second person Singular
pajęczakiem	None
przypuszczą	Third person Plural
postradałabyś	Second person Singular
oręże	None
oderwanych	None
lubią	Third person Plural
czytaliście	Second person Plural
proponowałeś	Second person Singular
zauważysz	Second person Singular
zrobisz	Second person Singular
żądam	First person Singular
wywołuje	Third person Singular
krakałyśmy	First person Plural
budzą	Third person Plural
tłumaczyłby	Third person Singular
nauczycielach	None
zadaniach	None
kopiowała	Third person Singular
napadów	None
sprawdzał	Third person Singular
poprosiłabym	First person Singular
ornym	None
pokaże	Third person Singular
zapamiętali	Third person Plural
kolekcjonujemy	First person Plural
wisiał	Third person Singular
poprawiajcie	Second person Plural
mikroorganizm	None
karm	Second person Singular
przypuszczają	Third person Plural
cierniem	None
giną	Third person Plural
lwice	None
dźwigała	Third person Singular
wykopał	Third person Singular
wybierzemy	First person Plural
tłumaczyła	Third person Singular
znosilibyście	Second person Plural
świadomość	None
zęba	None
odchodzi	Third person Singular
kumarynę	None
szlachcianek	None
czerwcową	None
dziękowaliśmy	First person Plural
zasłużenie	None
runą	Third person Plural
rozczarujecie	Second person Plural
opowiadał	Third person Singular
zapłaciła	Third person Singular
wskazali	Third person Plural
dotkną	Third person Plural
śpiesz	Second person Singular
nurkujesz	Second person Singular
napisało	Third person Singular
pyrami	None
zawarli	Third person Plural
czytali	Third person Plural
śmiało	Third person Singular
czyścimy	First person Plural
literackiej	None
dręczy	Third person Singular
dzialiście	Second person Plural
chrzciło	Third person Singular
ucz	Second person Singular
kopiujmy	First person Plural
lubiła	Third person Singular
pokonaj	Second person Singular
poproś	Second person Singular
trudnościami	None
bohaterek	None
uznaję	First person Singular
urodziłeś	Second person Singular
botaniczną	None
maszeruje	Third person Singular
kręcimy	First person Plural
zapomniałoby	Third person Singular
kumam	First person Singular
podpalił	Third person Singular
gadajcie	Second person Plural
wybrałby	Third person Singular
spali	Third person Plural
poprawiłby	Third person Singular
zup	None
umawiałaby	Third person Singular
wyraźniejszym	None
mulczowałoby	Third person Singular
zweryfikuj	Second person Singular
zatrzymają	Third person Plural
wygrane	None
zjadły	Third person Plural
uważałbym	First person Singular
traktuj	Second person Singular
potwierdzisz	Second person Singular
półkolistych	None
potwierdzało	Third person Singular
tworzyły	Third person Plural
parskało	Third person Singular
posiadałem	First person Singular
przypominały	Third person Plural
głosowałbym	First person Singular
szanuję	First person Singular
nosiła	Third person Singular
upadek	None
wąchało	Third person Singular
scenarzystów	None
galopował	Third person Singular
twierdzimy	First person Plural
dekady	None
chowałyby	Third person Plural
numerowało	Third person Singular
ukrywasz	Second person Singular
starały	Third person Plural
pomagamy	First person Plural
gotowała	Third person Singular
zmieniliby	Third person Plural
skrzypi	Third person Singular
dodawaj	Second person Singular
odradzać	None
noga	None
tonę	First person Singular
kaszankom	None
niedoszłemu	None
galopuje	Third person Singular
dzwonkami	None
archaizmem	None
wyjrzałem	First person Singular
kelnera	None
kokosami	None
aronii	None
grzesznemu	None
normalni	None
daje	Third person Singular
uznawały	Third person Plural
mylił	Third person Singular
zaangażowanie	None
opuszczały	Third person Plural
monarchowie	None
pokazali	Third person Plural
słuchał	Third person Singular
nadchodzi	Third person Singular
prałatom	None
kropką	None
klęczą	Third person Plural
obalają	Third person Plural
wibrafonom	None
zależnego	None
wyrzucą	Third person Plural
dowiedział	Third person Singular
wytłumaczyłem	First person Singular
bandyta	None
bobrów	None
pokonało	Third person Singular
międzynarodowego	None
pisał	Third person Singular
dojrzałem	First person Singular
bóle	None
uważne	None
ratowałyby	Third person Plural
śmialiście	Second person Plural
żywymi	None
broną	None
uważał	Third person Singular
aptekarskich	None
alkoholiczce	None
zrobilibyśmy	First person Plural
planowane	None
wytłumaczyłeś	Second person Singular
weźcie	Second person Plural
lubelskiego	None
otworzą	Third person Plural
błądziłbyś	Second person Singular
rzuć	Second person Singular
odpoczywały	Third person Plural
kładła	Third person Singular
otruł	Third person Singular
wyglądał	Third person Singular
przesadzałbym	First person Singular
głośnej	None
noszą	Third person Plural
najwrażliwszy	None
pamięta	Third person Singular
naradkom	None
szariat	None
uderzyłybyśmy	First person Plural
porcjo	None
urodzą	Third person Plural
uderzał	Third person Singular
nastaw	Second person Singular
obrabowały	Third person Plural
wspomnij	Second person Singular
zamówiło	Third person Singular
spotkałaby	Third person Singular
jajwatego	None
durszlakowi	None
podchodziły	Third person Plural
zerwali	Third person Plural
samarytańską	None
pijaliśmy	First person Plural
jonizuje	Third person Singular
akceleracja	None
proponujesz	Second person Singular
bywa	Third person Singular
kłamał	Third person Singular
powierzchni	None
wredną	None
wykrwawiła	Third person Singular
wymusiła	Third person Singular
astrofizykach	None
wymyślał	Third person Singular
oskarżał	Third person Singular
stercz	Second person Singular
zdementował	Third person Singular
krokietów	None
zagonie	None
straciła	Third person Singular
wywołało	Third person Singular
zapali	Third person Singular
semestru	None
miksturom	None
jada	Third person Singular
podrywasz	Second person Singular
kopcami	None
pojawiłby	Third person Singular
sejsmometr	None
odjebałeś	Second person Singular
oceniałem	First person Singular
zrzuciło	Third person Singular
fotelu	None
podchodziłbym	First person Singular
nakryłyśmy	First person Plural
amerykanizmowi	None
przezimują	Third person Plural
chciało	Third person Singular
urojonymi	None
kołchozach	None
kajaków	None
zostawimy	First person Plural
kasą	None
ciężkiego	None
zamykałabym	First person Singular
pocą	Third person Plural
namawiały	Third person Plural
sikałyśmy	First person Plural
wyrządziło	Third person Singular
wymówiłam	First person Singular
Żydom	None
zostawił	Third person Singular
pracodawcą	None
symulowałabyś	Second person Singular
wytłumaczył	Third person Singular
zapomnijcie	Second person Plural
otrzymywałyby	Third person Plural
słuchaj	Second person Singular
przynosiłam	First person Singular
równoległobokach	None
miękką	None
randkę	None
planują	Third person Plural
pozornym	None
parlamenty	None
udkom	None
oleje	Third person Singular
zamówiliśmy	First person Plural
nakryły	Third person Plural
ignorujemy	First person Plural
grobu	None
oszukujcie	Second person Plural
mruczałeś	Second person Singular
sprawiamy	First person Plural
problemowi	None
gdakać	None
braterska	None
czekasz	Second person Singular
pełzaj	Second person Singular
wędrowaliby	Third person Plural
da	Third person Singular
pastorowi	None
ceno	None
sekundach	None
bronił	Third person Singular
spotkacie	Second person Plural
gumek	None
ciasteczka	None
betonowałaś	Second person Singular
wejściem	None
czuję	First person Singular
mulczuje	Third person Singular
łamali	Third person Plural
nęcił	Third person Singular
nazywałbym	First person Singular
piszczeli	Third person Plural
poprzedza	Third person Singular
głośnikowymi	None
bywaj	Second person Singular
zerwalibyśmy	First person Plural
kosztują	Third person Plural
kąsamy	First person Plural
dowiedziało	Third person Singular
ginie	Third person Singular
barbarzyństwach	None
potwierdziło	Third person Singular
kluczy	None
kontroluj	Second person Singular
kłócisz	Second person Singular
wymagałby	Third person Singular
pojawiłyby	Third person Plural
korzystał	Third person Singular
prał	Third person Singular
kopały	Third person Plural
odbieranie	None
posiadało	Third person Singular
proponowałbyś	Second person Singular
pind	None
azotu	None
wędrowałybyśmy	First person Plural
spodziewał	Third person Singular
rozważymy	First person Plural
gadasz	Second person Singular
sprzęgło	Third person Singular
pokłady	None
przeprowadzać	None
śniłem	First person Singular
rafie	None
wahało	Third person Singular
romansideł	None
zatrzymali	Third person Plural
zniszczył	Third person Singular
sprawdzaniu	None
praczka	None
prawidłowych	None
zdementowałabyś	Second person Singular
kłóciło	Third person Singular
kwotami	None
zawrzecie	Second person Plural
pozwalajcie	Second person Plural
ruszajmy	First person Plural
herbaciarnię	None
hamują	Third person Plural
dałaby	Third person Singular
zachorowaliście	Second person Plural
próbowałem	First person Singular
giniemy	First person Plural
zwyczajach	None
wyhaftujemy	First person Plural
całkowaniem	None
miewa	Third person Singular
cząstkami	None
bezwstydnymi	None
usuwają	Third person Plural
głosujący	None
reżyserem	None
cebulko	None
dokonała	Third person Singular
przyniósłby	Third person Singular
czerpałem	First person Singular
zabiłaby	Third person Singular
przepiliby	Third person Plural
informatykowi	None
panowałabym	First person Singular
odjebiesz	Second person Singular
nowojorskie	None
zostawcie	Second person Plural
uciekała	Third person Singular
drażni	Third person Singular
świetna	None
potrzebować	None
twierdzę	First person Singular
śniadałyby	Third person Plural
sklejka	None
latały	Third person Plural
kręgosłupy	None
pojawiała	Third person Singular
znajdziesz	Second person Singular
uczestniczył	Third person Singular
armatach	None
miauczą	Third person Plural
mylili	Third person Plural
skarbów	None
podochodziłbym	First person Singular
wybuchnie	Third person Singular
sądziły	Third person Plural
przyjmiemy	First person Plural
porozmawiałybyśmy	First person Plural
chatek	None
sprzążmy	First person Plural
śmiejesz	Second person Singular
palcie	Second person Plural
grenlandzkie	None
kup	Second person Singular
podpisz	Second person Singular
zamarza	Third person Singular
bożą	None
popełniłeś	Second person Singular
podnieśli	Third person Plural
wymusiło	Third person Singular
podejrzewał	Third person Singular
gościem	None
zabalsamujesz	Second person Singular
wyłączało	Third person Singular
goniłaby	Third person Singular
przestrzegajmy	First person Plural
ziałeś	Second person Singular
dąsaliście	Second person Plural
szczękach	None
wyje	Third person Singular
begonię	None
podchodzili	Third person Plural
lep	Second person Singular
sutenera	None
mieszkali	Third person Plural
ściągany	None
zauważył	Third person Singular
napisaliście	Second person Plural
organizował	Third person Singular
sterem	None
podpasek	None
weźmiemy	First person Plural
analfabety	None
gwizdkach	None
dokonamy	First person Plural
panowały	Third person Plural
zachodziła	Third person Singular
filmujące	None
marzyła	Third person Singular
relikwiarzem	None
szalała	Third person Singular
anarchosyndykalizmowi	None
odrzuciło	Third person Singular
ignorowały	Third person Plural
przegra	Third person Singular
badamy	First person Plural
wyrządziła	Third person Singular
lubili	Third person Plural
przysięgają	Third person Plural
plecaków	None
wasali	None
rozróżniały	Third person Plural
szantażuję	First person Singular
zachoruje	Third person Singular
tłumaczył	Third person Singular
oszukuje	Third person Singular
sznura	None
odpowiadasz	Second person Singular
zaufajcie	Second person Plural
znikać	None
daliśmy	First person Plural
czyściła	Third person Singular
zapłacą	Third person Plural
bojamy	First person Plural
zamiecią	None
śmieje	Third person Singular
techniki	None
Europejczykiem	None
złożą	Third person Plural
poprosiło	Third person Singular
lubimy	First person Plural
zachodzi	Third person Singular
badania	None
zaczęłaby	Third person Singular
kuka	Third person Singular
wkurwiałoby	Third person Singular
wierzysz	Second person Singular
rozwiąże	Third person Singular
pokonałem	First person Singular
siałem	First person Singular
kładłbym	First person Singular
poparciem	None
cysterną	None
zaufa	Third person Singular
śmiejmy	First person Plural
uwielbiasz	Second person Singular
unicestwił	Third person Singular
uczyło	Third person Singular
świerzbi	Third person Singular
jeździli	Third person Plural
odkryj	Second person Singular
zimowała	Third person Singular
największymi	None
podróżuje	Third person Singular
kambodżański	None
zastanawiała	Third person Singular
znajdziecie	Second person Plural
śmieszkowałam	First person Singular
namawiają	Third person Plural
wilkom	None
dialektami	None
figur	None
podlewałbyś	Second person Singular
słyną	Third person Plural
wymusiłem	First person Singular
macochom	None
krzyczą	Third person Plural
zrobiłem	First person Singular
rodząc	None
ćwiercią	None
włoscy	None
znała	Third person Singular
wystarczało	Third person Singular
dochodzą	Third person Plural
śmiejąca	None
pozostawałaby	Third person Singular
przegrało	Third person Singular
trzebię	First person Singular
pożądają	Third person Plural
malarzach	None
gryzłaś	Second person Singular
bogacz	None
działacz	None
krzyczała	Third person Singular
zrobiłby	Third person Singular
łosia	None
krwawi	Third person Singular
bucha	Third person Singular
obraziłeś	Second person Singular
kopiował	Third person Singular
przytul	Second person Singular
gwałcił	Third person Singular
samurajami	None
kosztowali	Third person Plural
powtórzyliśmy	First person Plural
dostawała	Third person Singular
wyświetlają	Third person Plural
składzie	None
notują	Third person Plural
dziwiło	Third person Singular
gryzą	Third person Plural
wiślanej	None
dedykowało	Third person Singular
runęła	Third person Singular
wyjąłeś	Second person Singular
karze	Third person Singular
rozmawiała	Third person Singular
zabijał	Third person Singular
wracam	First person Singular
notowałybyśmy	First person Plural
pozwalają	Third person Plural
śledził	Third person Singular
rzygaliście	Second person Plural
obieca	Third person Singular
piszesz	Second person Singular
opiekował	Third person Singular
sądziło	Third person Singular
przeczytała	Third person Singular
ignorowała	Third person Singular
pokona	Third person Singular
florenckim	None
zbiegał	Third person Singular
spadkiem	None
ginęli	Third person Plural
absorbowała	Third person Singular
wskazała	Third person Singular
marchewnika	None
wskazał	Third person Singular
zasłużylibyśmy	First person Plural
posiadam	First person Singular
głuche	None
chłeptałem	First person Singular
kumałeś	Second person Singular
imponuje	Third person Singular
zawiedlibyśmy	First person Plural
pojawiłaby	Third person Singular
barmani	None
ograniczamy	First person Plural
zachorowało	Third person Singular
gaś	Second person Singular
wpływałabyś	Second person Singular
budującej	None
robisz	Second person Singular
zakazałyśmy	First person Plural
zabiorę	First person Singular
szatniami	None
pochodziło	Third person Singular
urodzinowej	None
minerał	None
mediolańska	None
żywotny	None
sprzedażami	None
dziecka	None
haftowała	Third person Singular
napiszcie	Second person Plural
złam	Second person Singular
skracało	Third person Singular
przygotowało	Third person Singular
wymówiony	None
odrzuciwszy	None
zapomnę	First person Singular
zapominali	Third person Plural
splądrowały	Third person Plural
mrowisko	None
dezodorantach	None
eksperymentowałoby	Third person Singular
rządziłabyś	Second person Singular
oglądano	None
znajdowali	Third person Plural
konkubinom	None
lisa	None
autopsjom	None
tyłem	First person Singular
poprowadziło	Third person Singular
wspomniałam	First person Singular
wieśniakami	None
żyliśmy	First person Plural
ufają	Third person Plural
pożąda	Third person Singular
drażniło	Third person Singular
kocha	Third person Singular
znajdują	Third person Plural
karom	None
pożyczyłem	First person Singular
znalazłaby	Third person Singular
poprowadźmy	First person Plural
znosiłabyś	Second person Singular
owsa	None
łaziłyście	Second person Plural
występowało	Third person Singular
paragonów	None
samotność	None
nękają	Third person Plural
swobodą	None
usunąłbym	First person Singular
ćwiczona	None
pokazałem	First person Singular
łysola	None
spróbujmy	First person Plural
starszych	None
siedzieli	Third person Plural
drukujemy	First person Plural
kolokacji	None
okradał	Third person Singular
szukam	First person Singular
generałom	None
słynie	Third person Singular
orężowi	None
zrozumiałem	First person Singular
odchodził	Third person Singular
dementowałybyście	Second person Plural
potopem	None
odwzajemniło	Third person Singular
odkrywasz	Second person Singular
glacjalnej	None
zjadł	Third person Singular
odebrawszy	None
unicestwiłybyście	Second person Plural
parskaliśmy	First person Plural
Waldkach	None
znajdę	First person Singular
zerwała	Third person Singular
wyglądało	Third person Singular
deklem	None
zburzenie	None
ruszyła	Third person Singular
zrabujemy	First person Plural
otaczali	Third person Plural
wygrali	Third person Plural
skłamałem	First person Singular
badała	Third person Singular
wyłączały	Third person Plural
tajemniczą	None
rozmyśliłem	First person Singular
laserowi	None
marzy	Third person Singular
wywołując	None
kochając	None
zauważ	Second person Singular
głowica	None
pokonał	Third person Singular
obalili	Third person Plural
szaleją	Third person Plural
psujmy	First person Plural
nozdrza	None
wiatru	None
oddajmy	First person Plural
politycznymi	None
oceniają	Third person Plural
potrzebowała	Third person Singular
paliło	Third person Singular
zdumiewających	None
siedzenie	None
spodziewam	First person Singular
złotonośna	None
oskarżają	Third person Plural
szalały	Third person Plural
zapominajmy	First person Plural
mięczaka	None
zostawicie	Second person Plural
twierdził	Third person Singular
wygnańcy	None
skracają	Third person Plural
bywałem	First person Singular
zweryfikowałybyśmy	First person Plural
zakazało	Third person Singular
krainę	None
nacjonalistyczne	None
westernach	None
igrała	Third person Singular
obal	Second person Singular
szczułbyś	Second person Singular
oceniły	Third person Plural
podrywają	Third person Plural
radiowi	None
archaiczna	None
mizoginii	None
dodawałby	Third person Singular
dupczyliście	Second person Plural
chwalił	Third person Singular
okradali	Third person Plural
produkują	Third person Plural
unicestwiła	Third person Singular
piszcz	Second person Singular
zabijała	Third person Singular
gadamy	First person Plural
oświetlało	Third person Singular
tymczasowej	None
czasownik	None
wołali	Third person Plural
serwerowniami	None
lotosie	None
brodzisz	Second person Singular
uczestniczyli	Third person Plural
frezerom	None
dowodziliby	Third person Plural
szczęśliwemu	None
reżyserom	None
traktowałaby	Third person Singular
fuksjo	None
zbędziemy	First person Plural
zabijały	Third person Plural
wspominaliby	Third person Plural
nirwany	None
odbieram	First person Singular
porozmawia	Third person Singular
podnosi	Third person Singular
psuję	First person Singular
strzela	Third person Singular
zamarzałaby	Third person Singular
meksykańscy	None
prostokątnym	None
kontrolowały	Third person Plural
polecałyście	Second person Plural
wiolonczela	None
wołałem	First person Singular
borowikom	None
sacharozę	None
psa	None
pojmujesz	Second person Singular
opuszczają	Third person Plural
otruli	Third person Plural
wymyśliłeś	Second person Singular
średnicę	None
kniahini	None
żaglówkę	None
stanowiłam	First person Singular
wypadków	None
wędrowali	Third person Plural
dokonaliśmy	First person Plural
zabrałoby	Third person Singular
przeprosiłbym	First person Singular
pijałby	Third person Singular
sikała	Third person Singular
dzierż	Second person Singular
uwielbiają	Third person Plural
nazywało	Third person Singular
obywatela	None
obserwowało	Third person Singular
żaluzja	None
sałatką	None
wymagałbyś	Second person Singular
czerpię	First person Singular
zniszczy	Third person Singular
archipelagach	None
grindwale	None
róbcie	Second person Plural
gadał	Third person Singular
zauważyło	Third person Singular
olał	Third person Singular
dzieję	First person Singular
pędziłem	First person Singular
australijska	None
marnował	Third person Singular
wspominam	First person Singular
badali	Third person Plural
lecz	Second person Singular
kapryśnych	None
uciekaj	Second person Singular
oceniłyście	Second person Plural
złoczyńcami	None
podchodzę	First person Singular
przekomarza	Third person Singular
wskazujemy	First person Plural
pułapki	None
telewizyjny	None
sikał	Third person Singular
posiadamy	First person Plural
adopcja	None
rzuciło	Third person Singular
obgadali	Third person Plural
burdelach	None
umówiłaby	Third person Singular
obuliśmy	First person Plural
pokazywałyście	Second person Plural
opisuje	Third person Singular
dinarach	None
przywódcę	None
ogarniało	Third person Singular
wymagajmy	First person Plural
nigdziegęste	None
krymskie	None
obiecaj	Second person Singular
wyrzuciliście	Second person Plural
pękły	Third person Plural
poprosisz	Second person Singular
odpoczywała	Third person Singular
brudziliście	Second person Plural
zabiły	Third person Plural
uprzejme	None
dżinnami	None
zwyciężały	Third person Plural
biegaj	Second person Singular
spróbują	Third person Plural
schowkiem	None
wybrałyśmy	First person Plural
dręczyła	Third person Singular
kuma	Third person Singular
oddaliby	Third person Plural
mocz	Second person Singular
łudziłoby	Third person Singular
widziałam	First person Singular
koście	Second person Plural
pokazane	None
otrzymamy	First person Plural
dbaj	Second person Singular
zauważyli	Third person Plural
pokrywały	Third person Plural
skręci	Third person Singular
zmorę	None
pękniecie	Second person Plural
naparstkowi	None
dostarczały	Third person Plural
zrozumieją	Third person Plural
próbujecie	Second person Plural
romansidle	None
włoszczyznę	None
debila	None
fetę	None
ruszyło	Third person Singular
ruchały	Third person Plural
usuwacie	Second person Plural
fonetyczne	None
powtarzali	Third person Plural
rozmawiałem	First person Singular
czytacie	Second person Plural
bronimy	First person Plural
machaj	Second person Singular
pojawiało	Third person Singular
tańcz	Second person Singular
fruwałaś	Second person Singular
uprawiaj	Second person Singular
przypuszczałyśmy	First person Plural
uratowałem	First person Singular
znałby	Third person Singular
krawatem	None
obrażą	Third person Plural
wyrzucili	Third person Plural
dostawał	Third person Singular
wzięłyśmy	First person Plural
zadasz	Second person Singular
spieprzona	None
puścilibyśmy	First person Plural
odwiedzam	First person Singular
męczyłem	First person Singular
nadużywasz	Second person Singular
otaczają	Third person Plural
zdobiły	Third person Plural
smoła	None
andorskie	None
podpisalibyśmy	First person Plural
znajduję	First person Singular
spodziewałbym	First person Singular
otrzymywałyście	Second person Plural
przeczytajcie	Second person Plural
uwielbiali	Third person Plural
włączali	Third person Plural
kumała	Third person Singular
podróżowałabym	First person Singular
podpaliłybyście	Second person Plural
kłamstw	None
zapominał	Third person Singular
pękają	Third person Plural
spuści	Third person Singular
przynosi	Third person Singular
pytaj	Second person Singular
wpływy	None
grabiono	None
zaczną	Third person Plural
popełniłam	First person Singular
należałem	First person Singular
poczekali	Third person Plural
turkusową	None
dwunastnice	None
zauważyłam	First person Singular
wędrowały	Third person Plural
wywoływali	Third person Plural
ukrywałem	First person Singular
wspomnisz	Second person Singular
dym	Second person Singular
kąsają	Third person Plural
przynosiły	Third person Plural
używaliśmy	First person Plural
piosenkarkami	None
posłuchałem	First person Singular
dostępni	None
zaryzykowali	Third person Plural
czynicie	Second person Plural
zjadłaś	Second person Singular
wyzyskowi	None
sarkofagi	None
hemoliza	None
zamówił	Third person Singular
falochronami	None
módlmy	First person Plural
zrozumiałam	First person Singular
piszczelą	None
kopiuje	Third person Singular
biurokrację	None
oszukałyśmy	First person Plural
wspomnijmy	First person Plural
ściągnie	Third person Singular
śledzi	Third person Singular
przyjąłeś	Second person Singular
wygrają	Third person Plural
spieprzyłaby	Third person Singular
atakowały	Third person Plural
odczyniona	None
pogodzie	None
stanowiłoby	Third person Singular
prezydentury	None
luźniejszych	None
rozważałem	First person Singular
obraź	Second person Singular
milionerze	None
wygląda	Third person Singular
armiami	None
warczcie	Second person Plural
czyści	Third person Singular
śpiewała	Third person Singular
rycz	Second person Singular
dotykam	First person Singular
kurków	None
uczuleniach	None
żuły	Third person Plural
dziewek	None
dziękowaliście	Second person Plural
dotknij	Second person Singular
gryźliście	Second person Plural
osiowymi	None
esemesowałyby	Third person Plural
wywołaliśmy	First person Plural
obrazisz	Second person Singular
sądziłem	First person Singular
mistrzów	None
ścignijmy	First person Plural
uprawiasz	Second person Singular
narodzie	None
śpimy	First person Plural
zachowają	Third person Plural
obejmowali	Third person Plural
gzy	None
podejrzewałam	First person Singular
wecie	None
uprawiały	Third person Plural
szkodzę	First person Singular
eksperymentuje	Third person Singular
demograficznych	None
burundyjskie	None
pielgrzymem	None
bestia	None
gapi	Third person Singular
panował	Third person Singular
piołunówce	None
nowemu	None
pogrzebała	Third person Singular
dokonywał	Third person Singular
sprawdzisz	Second person Singular
stawiasz	Second person Singular
znajdźmy	First person Plural
silnych	None
chroń	Second person Singular
zrobią	Third person Plural
rozsadzamy	First person Plural
solariach	None
chwalilibyście	Second person Plural
pogrzebało	Third person Singular
wędruje	Third person Singular
żulibyśmy	First person Plural
wierzyły	Third person Plural
uznajecie	Second person Plural
słuchałem	First person Singular
zwyciężają	Third person Plural
karnawałowych	None
wyznacz	Second person Singular
rozważał	Third person Singular
hamowało	Third person Singular
posiadałby	Third person Singular
doprowadzały	Third person Plural
łapało	Third person Singular
rzekłeś	Second person Singular
czerpał	Third person Singular
czołgi	None
pokazujcie	Second person Plural
zaprowadzi	Third person Singular
sierścią	None
usuną	Third person Plural
taje	Third person Singular
wdychała	Third person Singular
samorzutnych	None
bohaterach	None
przedmieść	None
należycie	Second person Plural
zdiagnozował	Third person Singular
grabiłyśmy	First person Plural
wyjaśnianie	None
chroniły	Third person Plural
ziębnęłoby	Third person Singular
Turkmenką	None
egzorcystami	None
rozwiązał	Third person Singular
brudzą	Third person Plural
cierni	None
poróżniłeś	Second person Singular
zapłaciło	Third person Singular
narzekamy	First person Plural
sapie	Third person Singular
analizuję	First person Singular
klasą	None
tenisowi	None
wracają	Third person Plural
dożyły	Third person Plural
zaniechała	Third person Singular
rozproszą	Third person Plural
odbijało	Third person Singular
rzeżuchę	None
motyce	None
ocalili	Third person Plural
odradzała	Third person Singular
dziobami	None
jajeczny	None
chudych	None
leśnej	None
spuść	Second person Singular
usuwałem	First person Singular
cytowały	Third person Plural
przynosiłyście	Second person Plural
poczeka	Third person Singular
noszący	None
chłeptajmy	First person Plural
próbuję	First person Singular
ramami	None
ariańskich	None
dożyję	First person Singular
oceniało	Third person Singular
rozwiążmy	First person Plural
odpocznij	Second person Singular
robię	First person Singular
gotujemy	First person Plural
igraj	Second person Singular
ocenialiby	Third person Plural
wracaliśmy	First person Plural
usunęlibyśmy	First person Plural
oddychasz	Second person Singular
poprawiło	Third person Singular
podnosiły	Third person Plural
ukradli	Third person Plural
kwestionowała	Third person Singular
tworzyło	Third person Singular
wołał	Third person Singular
kokoszkami	None
zamarzała	Third person Singular
płacimy	First person Plural
jagódeczce	None
złupiło	Third person Singular
kimają	Third person Plural
mieszkasz	Second person Singular
zdobiła	Third person Singular
kupię	First person Singular
niderlandzcy	None
spadaj	Second person Singular
szynszylach	None
gasili	Third person Plural
badałem	First person Singular
studiowały	Third person Plural
zawarło	Third person Singular
zdrowszemu	None
zaciążyli	Third person Plural
znajmy	First person Plural
budził	Third person Singular
zerżnąłby	Third person Singular
perfekcjom	None
mieszkaliśmy	First person Plural
poznają	Third person Plural
brzozowy	None
haremem	None
podniosłem	First person Singular
przeżyło	Third person Singular
włókien	None
śpiewaczek	None
biegałaś	Second person Singular
podkreślaliby	Third person Plural
wyjaśniamy	First person Plural
wdepnęli	Third person Plural
znaczyła	Third person Singular
wspominasz	Second person Singular
wyżłowi	None
potrzebnego	None
dowiedziałeś	Second person Singular
nieumarłą	None
broniły	Third person Plural
kawon	None
leczmy	First person Plural
wsparł	Third person Singular
kopię	First person Singular
grzęźlibyśmy	First person Plural
węglowodorem	None
biegała	Third person Singular
śmierdzi	Third person Singular
słucham	First person Singular
portmonetkę	None
gardzą	Third person Plural
przegram	First person Singular
szkołą	None
obali	Third person Singular
występujesz	Second person Singular
przyjmuję	First person Singular
obraziła	Third person Singular
ceniłyśmy	First person Plural
ruszają	Third person Plural
rodziłeś	Second person Singular
ładowało	Third person Singular
negocjowała	Third person Singular
fioletowawe	None
przeżyje	Third person Singular
zastanawiałbym	First person Singular
czyszczą	Third person Plural
wojnom	None
spałaszowałabym	First person Singular
odradzały	Third person Plural
czułam	First person Singular
identyfikuję	First person Singular
dokonywałem	First person Singular
łabędziach	None
wypędzili	Third person Plural
błądzi	Third person Singular
zapomniałem	First person Singular
pomagaj	Second person Singular
dotykajmy	First person Plural
słodki	None
zerowej	None
zestawiła	Third person Singular
wahają	Third person Plural
dostarczała	Third person Singular
tytoniu	None
haftowaliśmy	First person Plural
łapie	Third person Singular
autorzy	None
oddasz	Second person Singular
chcecie	Second person Plural
amazonitu	None
skakało	Third person Singular
odbijaliśmy	First person Plural
cis	None
włączający	None
stolarzowi	None
dotknęła	Third person Singular
łam	Second person Singular
roszady	None
przypomniało	Third person Singular
zweryfikują	Third person Plural
zapierdalał	Third person Singular
rozróżniam	First person Singular
demograficznymi	None
luny	None
skończcie	Second person Plural
pozostawał	Third person Singular
puszczały	Third person Plural
deska	None
przegapiłam	First person Singular
wielkopolskich	None
wymagał	Third person Singular
wołaczu	None
gumie	None
wybuchało	Third person Singular
zgubią	Third person Plural
zweryfikujesz	Second person Singular
brodziłeś	Second person Singular
spotkałoby	Third person Singular
narzekali	Third person Plural
marudziłabyś	Second person Singular
dowodzili	Third person Plural
znalazłem	First person Singular
zaczeka	Third person Singular
uciekają	Third person Plural
nożami	None
martwiliśmy	First person Plural
kusiłbyś	Second person Singular
chrzcili	Third person Plural
grafitowych	None
jesiennemu	None
korzystały	Third person Plural
wezmę	First person Singular
zaczniemy	First person Plural
zachowaliśmy	First person Plural
znaleźlibyście	Second person Plural
zawrę	First person Singular
posiadali	Third person Plural
prywatek	None
zrób	Second person Singular
rozróżniasz	Second person Singular
otworzymy	First person Plural
spodziewasz	Second person Singular
wredne	None
ogromne	None
eksluzywnych	None
twierdźmy	First person Plural
elektrolicie	None
zaczynają	Third person Plural
diagnozuje	Third person Singular
wywołujemy	First person Plural
diagnozują	Third person Plural
wyrzuci	Third person Singular
łąko	None
skłamaliście	Second person Plural
zagrożenia	None
usunąłbyś	Second person Singular
atomizmowi	None
szarogęsiły	Third person Plural
zadaniom	None
noszę	First person Singular
zapomną	Third person Plural
pieprzyłbym	First person Singular
cebulach	None
zabij	Second person Singular
katarakty	None
dokonujące	None
przeleciał	Third person Singular
nadużywaj	Second person Singular
przezimujmy	First person Plural
podniosły	Third person Plural
znalazły	Third person Plural
zawiódł	Third person Singular
jadają	Third person Plural
przynoś	Second person Singular
wymagała	Third person Singular
kosztowałoby	Third person Singular
oddaliśmy	First person Plural
dodzwoniło	Third person Singular
absorbowaliby	Third person Plural
wierzyciela	None
warszawiankami	None
szczułem	First person Singular
obiecały	Third person Plural
obraźliwą	None
rozróżniała	Third person Singular
pozostawało	Third person Singular
sprzyjająca	None
herbatą	None
próbowałam	First person Singular
wersjami	None
alergen	None
gotycką	None
nukleonie	None
zerwały	Third person Plural
Czuwaszach	None
stanowiło	Third person Singular
zniknie	Third person Singular
burzy	Third person Singular
módlcie	Second person Plural
wyglądałaby	Third person Singular
dudziarzy	None
żądały	Third person Plural
biodrze	None
eksportowali	Third person Plural
rządzę	First person Singular
wulgaryzmów	None
popełniłbym	First person Singular
ukrywała	Third person Singular
znały	Third person Plural
drewniak	None
produkował	Third person Singular
zapalili	Third person Plural
komentujemy	First person Plural
tarczę	None
przeszkadzam	First person Singular
naprawia	Third person Singular
spróbujcie	Second person Plural
śmiej	Second person Singular
świerzbiałem	First person Singular
chowali	Third person Plural
zamykam	First person Singular
odnawialna	None
zimowali	Third person Plural
drzemalibyście	Second person Plural
rzekłbym	First person Singular
oglądają	Third person Plural
kusiła	Third person Singular
dowodziły	Third person Plural
pal	Second person Singular
ftyzjologię	None
spotkałyśmy	First person Plural
wymagałoby	Third person Singular
łachmanach	None
potwierdziłby	Third person Singular
pszczelego	None
plują	Third person Plural
piwnico	None
fistaszków	None
oszukuj	Second person Singular
dodałem	First person Singular
zbierzemy	First person Plural
kopie	Third person Singular
kurcząt	None
kupili	Third person Plural
brzuszków	None
denerwowaliście	Second person Plural
kaszą	None
ciach	None
weganizmie	None
znajoma	None
okropniejszą	None
zabiłam	First person Singular
martwi	Third person Singular
mięsożercą	None
zamordował	Third person Singular
technikom	None
wyjaśniali	Third person Plural
pachnie	Third person Singular
groził	Third person Singular
dybuka	None
bębnem	None
badał	Third person Singular
bezprzewodowym	None
znasz	Second person Singular
medytuje	Third person Singular
zeruje	Third person Singular
rzuciły	Third person Plural
kochali	Third person Plural
dałeś	Second person Singular
czasówka	None
dokonują	Third person Plural
czyńcie	Second person Plural
kolejnych	None
zarabiania	None
alkaloidy	None
wskażę	First person Singular
igranie	None
lubisz	Second person Singular
bezchmurna	None
planujesz	Second person Singular
traciłem	First person Singular
opisuj	Second person Singular
uderzyłby	Third person Singular
organizowało	Third person Singular
oszuka	Third person Singular
oskarżaliśmy	First person Plural
kosztowała	Third person Singular
gromadziła	Third person Singular
łososiowego	None
przyjmę	First person Singular
dób	None
zabierzesz	Second person Singular
pechowcem	None
planowaliśmy	First person Plural
jeżdżą	Third person Plural
bażanty	None
posłuchali	Third person Plural
śpiewam	First person Singular
korzystałaś	Second person Singular
kuca	Third person Singular
śledzisz	Second person Singular
zachowaniu	None
nękała	Third person Singular
szkodnikiem	None
poprawiłeś	Second person Singular
zrzucilibyśmy	First person Plural
renesansowego	None
rozwiążą	Third person Plural
sprawdzą	Third person Plural
goniła	Third person Singular
dziobią	Third person Plural
schowałeś	Second person Singular
marynarze	None
sądzisz	Second person Singular
ciężarach	None
analizował	Third person Singular
pokonała	Third person Singular
trwajcie	Second person Plural
łatwiejsze	None
zamykało	Third person Singular
obaliłabyś	Second person Singular
pożyczają	Third person Plural
cieczesz	Second person Singular
zabijali	Third person Plural
jeźdźcem	None
foremnego	None
mordo	None
mordował	Third person Singular
gardźmy	First person Plural
podniosłeś	Second person Singular
papieżami	None
oceniłem	First person Singular
otworzy	Third person Singular
przyjaciółce	None
pędzisz	Second person Singular
wytłumaczyła	Third person Singular
podlewamy	First person Plural
obciążali	Third person Plural
znam	First person Singular
fakturach	None
klawiszu	None
dałem	First person Singular
martwcie	Second person Plural
odstaw	Second person Singular
urodziłam	First person Singular
zamknijmy	First person Plural
złupiła	Third person Singular
przynoszą	Third person Plural
poprowadziły	Third person Plural
pytałaś	Second person Singular
wskaże	Third person Singular
rozczarowali	Third person Plural
używała	Third person Singular
połknęła	Third person Singular
seksuologia	None
badam	First person Singular
komentowało	Third person Singular
kwartetów	None
wybrali	Third person Plural
kropeczką	None
bezpiecznika	None
nadużywają	Third person Plural
pochodzisz	Second person Singular
falang	None
magnesy	None
kociołki	None
dobędziecie	Second person Plural
zamknie	Third person Singular
marznęlibyście	Second person Plural
wybuchały	Third person Plural
marzą	Third person Plural
sztucznemu	None
nadawcą	None
ukryła	Third person Singular
kaszlałyśmy	First person Plural
mruczał	Third person Singular
jeżu	None
zimują	Third person Plural
częstochowskiego	None
potwierdzałaby	Third person Singular
opuszczało	Third person Singular
kolos	None
płynęła	Third person Singular
działałbym	First person Singular
poznało	Third person Singular
pękła	Third person Singular
poprosiłbyś	Second person Singular
obuwiach	None
przeproszę	First person Singular
tęsknili	Third person Plural
imponujcie	Second person Plural
klękałbyś	Second person Singular
działy	Third person Plural
spięlibyśmy	First person Plural
doprowadzają	Third person Plural
zaprosiła	Third person Singular
taoizmie	None
spotkasz	Second person Singular
bronach	None
zabiją	Third person Plural
skróci	Third person Singular
przypominali	Third person Plural
odbierasz	Second person Singular
kroiłbyś	Second person Singular
Hindusko	None
hydrauliczna	None
uciekały	Third person Plural
umrzemy	First person Plural
zada	Third person Singular
sprawdziły	Third person Plural
rozwodu	None
wspomnę	First person Singular
cytowali	Third person Plural
budynki	None
kima	Third person Singular
obserwują	Third person Plural
dżezbendu	None
rudom	None
uniformie	None
Wietnamczykiem	None
zniszcz	Second person Singular
zwierzęcym	None
wywołała	Third person Singular
okultyzm	None
wyjebałby	Third person Singular
opowiadało	Third person Singular
karmiona	None
umarły	Third person Plural
wyrzucilibyście	Second person Plural
dożyłabyś	Second person Singular
szanujmy	First person Plural
umarł	Third person Singular
zrobił	Third person Singular
pijalibyśmy	First person Plural
dodało	Third person Singular
guglaj	Second person Singular
mieszasz	Second person Singular
zachował	Third person Singular
ukryły	Third person Plural
zachodzące	None
googlują	Third person Plural
zaczęliście	Second person Plural
autora	None
chciałaby	Third person Singular
narzekałyby	Third person Plural
cofali	Third person Plural
podaliśmy	First person Plural
mordują	Third person Plural
piętami	None
niebom	None
szukasz	Second person Singular
kręciła	Third person Singular
burzą	Third person Plural
rozmyślała	Third person Singular
rzekłby	Third person Singular
logarytmicznymi	None
puchacza	None
znoszą	Third person Plural
obrażamy	First person Plural
lateksu	None
poprawcie	Second person Plural
chrzci	Third person Singular
burzyłybyście	Second person Plural
medytacji	None
podeszwa	None
zakupów	None
drap	Second person Singular
buchało	Third person Singular
syf	None
pojawił	Third person Singular
rządziłabym	First person Singular
lawendy	None
rozmawiają	Third person Plural
Kornwalijkami	None
zjełczałą	None
przepraszajmy	First person Plural
najambitniejszej	None
włącza	Third person Singular
groziła	Third person Singular
nosimy	First person Plural
gwizdała	Third person Singular
łamał	Third person Singular
próbujemy	First person Plural
tworzą	Third person Plural
poroniłem	First person Singular
ptakach	None
ostrzegały	Third person Plural
ratujemy	First person Plural
pojawiła	Third person Singular
kredką	None
skończmy	First person Plural
żartowaliby	Third person Plural
złupilibyście	Second person Plural
dręczymy	First person Plural
aktualniejsza	None
schowały	Third person Plural
dymi	Third person Singular
zapraszał	Third person Singular
kwestionuje	Third person Singular
zabijemy	First person Plural
zdób	Second person Singular
hasaliby	Third person Plural
męczyło	Third person Singular
studiowałem	First person Singular
rycinami	None
podchodził	Third person Singular
podkradał	Third person Singular
kumajmy	First person Plural
wielbłądowi	None
nikczemnych	None
namawiasz	Second person Singular
wpływali	Third person Plural
twierdzeniu	None
weźmie	Third person Singular
przypuszczasz	Second person Singular
stawiałbym	First person Singular
jąkała	Third person Singular
kicałabym	First person Singular
rachunek	None
najokropniejszego	None
wyglądałyby	Third person Plural
atakujemy	First person Plural
ripostowałeś	Second person Singular
pożyczył	Third person Singular
niejakim	None
ignorują	Third person Plural
zagięlibyśmy	First person Plural
psychoterapeuta	None
cugami	None
pozwalałabyś	Second person Singular
odda	Third person Singular
cofał	Third person Singular
obsesją	None
chrzciłyście	Second person Plural
rozmawiasz	Second person Singular
kropko	None
barbarzyńska	None
mieszał	Third person Singular
chwalę	First person Singular
przegraliśmy	First person Plural
milszego	None
chadzałyście	Second person Plural
powtarzają	Third person Plural
doceniałoby	Third person Singular
zaprowadziła	Third person Singular
przeczytało	Third person Singular
podpisałyby	Third person Plural
krosien	None
pada	Third person Singular
wynieśliście	Second person Plural
siwi	None
ubekiem	None
żałowała	Third person Singular
toskańską	None
sprawdziłby	Third person Singular
moście	None
zapamiętał	Third person Singular
mieszkańcu	None
czuły	Third person Plural
przesadzam	First person Singular
najemcą	None
igraliście	Second person Plural
identyfikowałeś	Second person Singular
trąciła	Third person Singular
panowała	Third person Singular
obserwatora	None
przeogromną	None
odkrywał	Third person Singular
polują	Third person Plural
żądasz	Second person Singular
sypały	Third person Plural
klonowej	None
cosinusach	None
wytłumaczcie	Second person Plural
drapałyście	Second person Plural
paczkom	None
szczypiornista	None
kotłowi	None
zmierzch	None
słyszały	Third person Plural
złapią	Third person Plural
udarami	None
dawały	Third person Plural
kamienia	None
prostytutkom	None
akcją	None
stożek	None
napiszecie	Second person Plural
płaciło	Third person Singular
wybrały	Third person Plural
suszarek	None
wyłudzałaby	Third person Singular
lubił	Third person Singular
martwmy	First person Plural
imponowały	Third person Plural
sprawdziłeś	Second person Singular
zapraszamy	First person Plural
zadzwoniłem	First person Singular
szampon	None
przegrasz	Second person Singular
skończyło	Third person Singular
przegracie	Second person Plural
chciałabyś	Second person Singular
kukali	Third person Plural
niszczą	Third person Plural
samobójstw	None
eksperymentowaliście	Second person Plural
usunął	Third person Singular
padał	Third person Singular
obrabował	Third person Singular
czytelnik	None
uwiedzie	Third person Singular
apopleksją	None
szantażowałabym	First person Singular
powtórzyłem	First person Singular
zapomnieliście	Second person Plural
uczestniczyłbyś	Second person Singular
toniemy	First person Plural
stygnąłby	Third person Singular
nauczycielom	None
przygotowała	Third person Singular
roztrzepałabym	First person Singular
poda	Third person Singular
chcieli	Third person Plural
przysięgali	Third person Plural
panowałby	Third person Singular
słuchaliśmy	First person Plural
ukryje	Third person Singular
przeżujesz	Second person Singular
dokonywały	Third person Plural
puszczamy	First person Plural
przystawkom	None
wykitowali	Third person Plural
kupowałem	First person Singular
dwuznaki	None
słyszymy	First person Plural
odrzucił	Third person Singular
borówkę	None
męskożywotnym	None
stracimy	First person Plural
ziewał	Third person Singular
powóz	None
siadał	Third person Singular
obuwiem	None
złożył	Third person Singular
senatom	None
przegrałyście	Second person Plural
wstawaj	Second person Singular
matówek	None
osiedle	None
więdnęłabym	First person Singular
wystarczaj	Second person Singular
przypomniał	Third person Singular
dotknęły	Third person Plural
pralkom	None
umówił	Third person Singular
zarabiało	Third person Singular
robili	Third person Plural
podkreślałbyś	Second person Singular
buziakiem	None
rzucaj	Second person Singular
lupą	None
odrzuciłem	First person Singular
śmieszne	None
maskował	Third person Singular
śpiewało	Third person Singular
zbiegając	None
wzięło	Third person Singular
ściągnęłabym	First person Singular
pobyt	None
wspomnieliśmy	First person Plural
bliźniętami	None
klany	None
komentuj	Second person Singular
pozwalałoby	Third person Singular
zasłużyłam	First person Singular
tryktrakiem	None
pytało	Third person Singular
chwaliłem	First person Singular
abonamentach	None
skracała	Third person Singular
dokonały	Third person Plural
eksperymentowały	Third person Plural
dochodzilibyśmy	First person Plural
odebrał	Third person Singular
porażeniu	None
podejrzewało	Third person Singular
oglądał	Third person Singular
planet	None
wiktoria	None
wybierze	Third person Singular
przegrała	Third person Singular
pojawiłem	First person Singular
niewidzialnego	None
przesadzajmy	First person Plural
używacie	Second person Plural
oszukałyby	Third person Plural
mierzą	Third person Plural
używało	Third person Singular
sterami	None
zamówili	Third person Plural
montaży	None
grobami	None
zdementowały	Third person Plural
poprosimy	First person Plural
grzęźnij	Second person Singular
brodu	None
zrozumiany	None
zmieni	Third person Singular
zauważyłby	Third person Singular
posiadałyby	Third person Plural
semestrów	None
spałeś	Second person Singular
ignorowało	Third person Singular
męczę	First person Singular
atakuje	Third person Singular
dodaliśmy	First person Plural
wesprzyj	Second person Singular
sielankowy	None
unikają	Third person Plural
fiołki	None
odwzajemni	Third person Singular
znaczyłoby	Third person Singular
obiecuj	Second person Singular
podchodziłem	First person Singular
panowałoby	Third person Singular
przeczytasz	Second person Singular
podejrzewasz	Second person Singular
smakowało	Third person Singular
używają	Third person Plural
namibijskiej	None
opierdoliłam	First person Singular
brukiem	None
zaczęły	Third person Plural
grzywnami	None
spuszczona	None
dwutygodniowymi	None
wzięliśmy	First person Plural
zatrzymał	Third person Singular
bluzgajmy	First person Plural
piszę	First person Singular
deweloperzy	None
graniczył	Third person Singular
kimonu	None
śmietanie	None
najgłupszym	None
brewiarzowi	None
gościom	None
pokuso	None
dromaderach	None
skończymy	First person Plural
kierowałby	Third person Singular
wywołałaby	Third person Singular
śniłbym	First person Singular
materiałów	None
ceniła	Third person Singular
optymizm	None
gaworzący	None
przeczyta	Third person Singular
badylami	None
teizmie	None
jawi	Third person Singular
tłumaczyłeś	Second person Singular
mijasz	Second person Singular
wspominał	Third person Singular
pokrywali	Third person Plural
wymusili	Third person Plural
negocjuje	Third person Singular
słyszysz	Second person Singular
podajmy	First person Plural
kołaczy	None
barankowi	None
kochała	Third person Singular
oceniacie	Second person Plural
kupowalibyście	Second person Plural
kuzynka	None
chciałby	Third person Singular
pieprz	Second person Singular
nurkują	Third person Plural
linią	None
niejadalnych	None
poznaliśmy	First person Plural
skazańców	None
mieszkańców	None
ukryli	Third person Plural
ładowałem	First person Singular
czekałby	Third person Singular
dowodziłem	First person Singular
oglądałeś	Second person Singular
wygrasz	Second person Singular
wykopane	None
grabiła	Third person Singular
wziąłem	First person Singular
głosujecie	Second person Plural
zebrały	Third person Plural
schną	Third person Plural
potasowi	None
wyniósłby	Third person Singular
płyńcie	Second person Plural
pornograficzna	None
wdychał	Third person Singular
tirówkach	None
rozetą	None
powtórzę	First person Singular
kaszle	Third person Singular
zastanawiałyśmy	First person Plural
czekałyby	Third person Plural
jebadłom	None
klatkach	None
ślubach	None
rozproszyła	Third person Singular
podziwiali	Third person Plural
słyszę	First person Singular
poróżnili	Third person Plural
głupszą	None
węszyło	Third person Singular
przypomnijmy	First person Plural
zaprzeczyłoby	Third person Singular
zrzuciły	Third person Plural
dawało	Third person Singular
najdalszym	None
żeńskich	None
otaczająca	None
sprawdzali	Third person Plural
wylogowali	Third person Plural
powtórzą	Third person Plural
znosiło	Third person Singular
pośladków	None
niszczyły	Third person Plural
dochodziłyśmy	First person Plural
martwię	First person Singular
obciążają	Third person Plural
sprawdzające	None
więdną	Third person Plural
gryzłyście	Second person Plural
uwielbialibyśmy	First person Plural
wymogli	Third person Plural
robi	Third person Singular
jąkało	Third person Singular
pojmowałbyś	Second person Singular
dożył	Third person Singular
truskawkę	None
zostawmy	First person Plural
unie	None
piszczało	Third person Singular
zachowasz	Second person Singular
milczałbyś	Second person Singular
szcza	Third person Singular
kawie	None
agentura	None
przypuśćmy	First person Plural
mierzyło	Third person Singular
okazało	Third person Singular
czyniąca	None
dziękują	Third person Plural
zwrotnic	None
licealisto	None
gapiliśmy	First person Plural
brudziłyście	Second person Plural
ogolmy	First person Plural
ruszcie	Second person Plural
pokazały	Third person Plural
dręczą	Third person Plural
kibicował	Third person Singular
rzeknąwszy	None
żądają	Third person Plural
posiadają	Third person Plural
lematami	None
energia	None
kinami	None
sprawialibyście	Second person Plural
gromadzicie	Second person Plural
zarabiały	Third person Plural
wodociągach	None
gotował	Third person Singular
zaprosiły	Third person Plural
negocjował	Third person Singular
kruszczyka	None
leczyłaś	Second person Singular
obraziłaś	Second person Singular
wywołaj	Second person Singular
odstawienie	None
gaście	Second person Plural
czytała	Third person Singular
astat	None
płyniemy	First person Plural
faraonowi	None
wyrzućcie	Second person Plural
organizują	Third person Plural
doprowadza	Third person Singular
pomagał	Third person Singular
cmentarzem	None
powtórz	Second person Singular
powtórzyły	Third person Plural
razili	Third person Plural
dymało	Third person Singular
podlewa	Third person Singular
bohaterskich	None
juliański	None
tenisówkami	None
knebli	None
zamówiłam	First person Singular
kimałaś	Second person Singular
okrętowi	None
potwierdziłem	First person Singular
poprzedzała	Third person Singular
szczeliną	None
burundyjskimi	None
zerwał	Third person Singular
wyłudzamy	First person Plural
ranne	None
liliowy	None
siała	Third person Singular
rósł	Third person Singular
poduszce	None
ratowałoby	Third person Singular
pokażesz	Second person Singular
transkrypcjami	None
wskażcie	Second person Plural
ignoruj	Second person Singular
rodzą	Third person Plural
dodaję	First person Singular
odraczaliśmy	First person Plural
zakochała	Third person Singular
zmęczonym	None
wymiksowałam	First person Singular
hektar	None
powtarzałeś	Second person Singular
zerwalibyście	Second person Plural
liniowi	None
wyrządzi	Third person Singular
wyłudzi	Third person Singular
budżetówkach	None
zniszczą	Third person Plural
glisto	None
gonił	Third person Singular
zapłacił	Third person Singular
ratowali	Third person Plural
wnukiem	None
lawach	None
bandażach	None
przyjemniejszy	None
znajomości	None
wykorzystujmy	First person Plural
spodziewa	Third person Singular
powtarzajmy	First person Plural
znamy	First person Plural
wybierają	Third person Plural
franków	None
ćwiczyła	Third person Singular
samolubni	None
marzyliście	Second person Plural
pytałam	First person Singular
doda	Third person Singular
przeczytacie	Second person Plural
otaczała	Third person Singular
liniałeś	Second person Singular
zauważymy	First person Plural
wysyłamy	First person Plural
składali	Third person Plural
potrzebowałeś	Second person Singular
oceniał	Third person Singular
poczekają	Third person Plural
polowało	Third person Singular
zapomniałaś	Second person Singular
kupuję	First person Singular
flagach	None
grzęźnie	Third person Singular
podejrzewali	Third person Plural
giń	Second person Singular
bredziłby	Third person Singular
skrócimy	First person Plural
ubezpieczeń	None
rzucę	First person Singular
piktogramami	None
pytamy	First person Plural
dwukropkami	None
narzeczeni	None
pojawiły	Third person Plural
ostrołódek	None
wziąłby	Third person Singular
kryłabym	First person Singular
postradaliście	Second person Plural
zatrzymały	Third person Plural
runęły	Third person Plural
zastanawiam	First person Singular
nalewałoby	Third person Singular
głosowałbyś	Second person Singular
wschodom	None
pojawiłeś	Second person Singular
dodałabym	First person Singular
sika	Third person Singular
płaciła	Third person Singular
straciłam	First person Singular
ogol	Second person Singular
ujebaliście	Second person Plural
ogniowi	None
zakochałem	First person Singular
pożyczajmy	First person Plural
zrobiliśmy	First person Plural
kosztuje	Third person Singular
pierdyliardami	None
dodałeś	Second person Singular
współpracownik	None
znalazłoby	Third person Singular
rzemiosłom	None
martwił	Third person Singular
dziwiłeś	Second person Singular
kochajcie	Second person Plural
burżujem	None
dostarczało	Third person Singular
stawiam	First person Singular
dymiłaś	Second person Singular
podali	Third person Plural
gettami	None
szkunerami	None
próbowało	Third person Singular
węszę	First person Singular
poprawiłoby	Third person Singular
napisałbym	First person Singular
żarty	None
tracą	Third person Plural
wschodziło	Third person Singular
rodzicie	Second person Plural
czyniłaby	Third person Singular
uprawia	Third person Singular
przeprosiłeś	Second person Singular
potrzebują	Third person Plural
skręciła	Third person Singular
odkryły	Third person Plural
kajetowi	None
znał	Third person Singular
humor	None
wybieraliśmy	First person Plural
przyjmujemy	First person Plural
gorzelniach	None
wącha	Third person Singular
znaliśmy	First person Plural
kusiło	Third person Singular
nieczytelne	None
masowca	None
dała	Third person Singular
pocieszył	Third person Singular
podrywał	Third person Singular
kruszców	None
zachowały	Third person Plural
malarki	None
dżoker	None
schowajmy	First person Plural
podziwialibyście	Second person Plural
wstajesz	Second person Singular
oddadzą	Third person Plural
buchała	Third person Singular
obalały	Third person Plural
spała	Third person Singular
zarabiałby	Third person Singular
robił	Third person Singular
pozostawała	Third person Singular
zostawiły	Third person Plural
odkrywali	Third person Plural
zapłaciłby	Third person Singular
czytałaś	Second person Singular
dbali	Third person Plural
zawiodło	Third person Singular
mijają	Third person Plural
śnią	Third person Plural
zerżnęłyśmy	First person Plural
drżeliby	Third person Plural
zialibyśmy	First person Plural
astronautami	None
zerwę	First person Singular
zaczął	Third person Singular
zacząłbym	First person Singular
umierają	Third person Plural
pluje	Third person Singular
olaliby	Third person Plural
gęga	Third person Singular
sprawdzimy	First person Plural
zbierajmy	First person Plural
zauważyły	Third person Plural
żałował	Third person Singular
sikałby	Third person Singular
wziął	Third person Singular
północnego	None
płozę	None
szkło	None
deskorolkę	None
zasłużyłyby	Third person Plural
wymyśli	Third person Singular
wyjaśniłaś	Second person Singular
szantażyście	None
zarezerwowali	Third person Plural
opłatki	None
sądzę	First person Singular
suszy	Third person Singular
zdementowała	Third person Singular
kwestionujesz	Second person Singular
zakazano	None
chroniła	Third person Singular
ewentualne	None
skróciłoby	Third person Singular
popełni	Third person Singular
milczała	Third person Singular
ekonomista	None
brojlerów	None
krzemian	None
zbierasz	Second person Singular
zapalił	Third person Singular
wyjmij	Second person Singular
modę	None
kondygnacji	None
spaliby	Third person Plural
przyjmowali	Third person Plural
ciecze	Third person Singular
temperówko	None
językowe	None
sługom	None
najbogatszy	None
przesieko	None
bohaterskim	None
przeczytamy	First person Plural
kąsa	Third person Singular
husyci	None
wywołałeś	Second person Singular
zrobiłaby	Third person Singular
zabijam	First person Singular
szkodziła	Third person Singular
sprawdzałby	Third person Singular
rzeknie	Third person Singular
złamał	Third person Singular
zapamiętają	Third person Plural
wybucha	Third person Singular
dwusuw	None
gromadzili	Third person Plural
porozmawiała	Third person Singular
płyną	Third person Plural
kotku	None
absorbujesz	Second person Singular
cytowałem	First person Singular
oszukiwali	Third person Plural
koniczyną	None
poczekaj	Second person Singular
odbijamy	First person Plural
należeliby	Third person Plural
cyrklach	None
ocenami	None
usuńmy	First person Plural
uczestniczyłam	First person Singular
niezapomniane	None
prześcieradła	None
niszczyli	Third person Plural
kurę	None
eksperymentują	Third person Plural
joypadem	None
fajniejsi	None
rozproszyłeś	Second person Singular
wysyłało	Third person Singular
felgami	None
przyjąłbym	First person Singular
gardził	Third person Singular
ukradnie	Third person Singular
podwodne	None
zabiłeś	Second person Singular
podpierdolenie	None
banglałybyśmy	First person Plural
pamiętali	Third person Plural
marnują	Third person Plural
kupiła	Third person Singular
płynniejszych	None
cycki	None
tworzyłyby	Third person Plural
nieśmiałych	None
wołałam	First person Singular
uśpiły	Third person Plural
fotograficzna	None
przekomarzałby	Third person Singular
podpisali	Third person Plural
tracił	Third person Singular
pożyczą	Third person Plural
organizujemy	First person Plural
liszka	None
kalosz	None
warzuchy	None
ciekły	Third person Plural
narzekała	Third person Singular
łasica	None
nieskończonych	None
miauczały	Third person Plural
nękały	Third person Plural
szkieletami	None
zarezerwowaliście	Second person Plural
ukrywa	Third person Singular
odkryjesz	Second person Singular
kukało	Third person Singular
szantażują	Third person Plural
znalazłam	First person Singular
równociągłe	None
wytłumaczy	Third person Singular
obiecywała	Third person Singular
pnę	First person Singular
chciałaś	Second person Singular
jagnięcym	None
machał	Third person Singular
turystyce	None
graniczy	Third person Singular
dowiecie	Second person Plural
maszerowały	Third person Plural
spotkają	Third person Plural
twórzcie	Second person Plural
planowało	Third person Singular
czyni	Third person Singular
wspominało	Third person Singular
ładują	Third person Plural
okradając	None
męczyły	Third person Plural
używałbym	First person Singular
odpowiadają	Third person Plural
przygotuj	Second person Singular
zrobiłoby	Third person Singular
ufa	Third person Singular
wskazywałybyście	Second person Plural
dusił	Third person Singular
teorię	None
tymczasowi	None
katu	None
cięższa	None
grozili	Third person Plural
dasz	Second person Singular
analizuje	Third person Singular
beztroskie	None
poprowadzić	None
uderz	Second person Singular
wyprzedaże	None
przemyślał	Third person Singular
wiali	Third person Plural
czyść	Second person Singular
przegapiłeś	Second person Singular
nadzoruje	Third person Singular
złóż	Second person Singular
czyniła	Third person Singular
dowiedzieli	Third person Plural
czeznące	None
mandragor	None
podkreślają	Third person Plural
usuwano	None
podniesiesz	Second person Singular
pokazywałoby	Third person Singular
zawarły	Third person Plural
zaprosili	Third person Plural
poczekałbym	First person Singular
zerowałbyś	Second person Singular
ficzer	None
salony	None
książeczka	None
zmieniajmy	First person Plural
obejmowałby	Third person Singular
mgławice	None
podochodziłeś	Second person Singular
kichało	Third person Singular
zmyśliliśmy	First person Plural
twórzmy	First person Plural
żałuj	Second person Singular
junak	None
bywała	Third person Singular
słowikami	None
kieruj	Second person Singular
występowałyby	Third person Plural
tęskniłbym	First person Singular
pałacowi	None
okazałby	Third person Singular
nieznośnych	None
czyta	Third person Singular
obiecałem	First person Singular
okradają	Third person Plural
dziejcie	Second person Plural
obrazi	Third person Singular
papieskiemu	None
łamałabym	First person Singular
gorzkie	None
zapłacimy	First person Plural
skończyłoby	Third person Singular
postradał	Third person Singular
zatrzymałem	First person Singular
notowały	Third person Plural
chłodnik	None
podejrzana	None
trzymasz	Second person Singular
nastrojach	None
napowietrzyłyście	Second person Plural
liżą	Third person Plural
gankami	None
wskazaliście	Second person Plural
związku	None
szerszenie	None
papierowi	None
nadużywał	Third person Singular
produkujmy	First person Plural
możliwi	None
garnkom	None
chrzcielnicy	None
tworzyłeś	Second person Singular
odpowiadałoby	Third person Singular
wracajcie	Second person Plural
pamiętał	Third person Singular
kopiujesz	Second person Singular
odchodzili	Third person Plural
wynieśli	Third person Plural
prostatom	None
komentował	Third person Singular
kochały	Third person Plural
ciufcię	None
śledziłem	First person Singular
wypędził	Third person Singular
apostrofy	None
podniosą	Third person Plural
zadałem	First person Singular
kwestionowało	Third person Singular
produkowałem	First person Singular
nadchodził	Third person Singular
spróbuje	Third person Singular
mastki	None
śni	Third person Singular
korzystałam	First person Singular
uczę	First person Singular
karmcie	Second person Plural
niszcz	Second person Singular
czujecie	Second person Plural
sfałszowali	Third person Plural
pozna	Third person Singular
kądziele	None
gruz	None
planimetrze	None
wygraliśmy	First person Plural
radioaktywności	None
sprawdzała	Third person Singular
dostawaliby	Third person Plural
lizałoby	Third person Singular
podpisaliby	Third person Plural
zwojów	None
siedziałabym	First person Singular
krzesełku	None
hierarchią	None
żary	None
przodowali	Third person Plural
umawia	Third person Singular
bibliotekarce	None
dzidziusia	None
cery	None
odpowiadałyście	Second person Plural
reputacjach	None
odradzają	Third person Plural
uciekali	Third person Plural
pindach	None
rumuńskimi	None
uderzały	Third person Plural
przypomnę	First person Singular
wymyślę	First person Singular
skróciły	Third person Plural
zaprzeczą	Third person Plural
żałowałoby	Third person Singular
etnologii	None
obiecujesz	Second person Singular
najmądrzejszym	None
klikałem	First person Singular
sarkałby	Third person Singular
sprośną	None
dowiedzą	Third person Plural
niepotrzebnych	None
przypominałoby	Third person Singular
dawce	None
zrobiłabym	First person Singular
taksówkarzami	None
półek	None
otrzymywali	Third person Plural
zaczęłabym	First person Singular
bezwzględnymi	None
żyję	First person Singular
pistację	None
zaufałem	First person Singular
pachnidło	None
uwiodłoby	Third person Singular
złapiesz	Second person Singular
najsłoneczniejsze	None
sypał	Third person Singular
łódzkim	None
lisiątkom	None
polecasz	Second person Singular
znajdą	Third person Plural
mrozoodporna	None
umarli	Third person Plural
szaletu	None
ziały	Third person Plural
dotknął	Third person Singular
spieszy	Third person Singular
sprawdzają	Third person Plural
sfor	None
łożysek	None
znaczyłam	First person Singular
miedziakach	None
modliło	Third person Singular
potwierdzałoby	Third person Singular
marzną	Third person Plural
usunęłam	First person Singular
znalazłaś	Second person Singular
wypędziła	Third person Singular
przesadzacie	Second person Plural
rumuńscy	None
bociany	None
rozproszyły	Third person Plural
chciałam	First person Singular
właściwościach	None
pokazywałby	Third person Singular
ostatnią	None
pytał	Third person Singular
tragicznej	None
późniejsza	None
poprawiłbym	First person Singular
nieprzyjemnych	None
sypali	Third person Plural
ginął	Third person Singular
bystre	None
atrapę	None
wierzcie	Second person Plural
płonęła	Third person Singular
wzrokiem	None
jąkaj	Second person Singular
graniczyło	Third person Singular
zgubiło	Third person Singular
kupujcie	Second person Plural
stygnęłoby	Third person Singular
potwierdziłbym	First person Singular
rozkazowi	None
potwierdziliśmy	First person Plural
nęcisz	Second person Singular
zapamiętałby	Third person Singular
zostawiłam	First person Singular
zadaj	Second person Singular
uznawało	Third person Singular
spróbowałbym	First person Singular
przypominamy	First person Plural
galeony	None
czarze	None
kłusowałem	First person Singular
kłócimy	First person Plural
wyrzuciłam	First person Singular
sądzimy	First person Plural
niedoszli	None
klubowi	None
nadzorowałabyś	Second person Singular
podejrzewamy	First person Plural
dziadkowi	None
chodem	None
maszerował	Third person Singular
sapałam	First person Singular
abnegat	None
nadzorował	Third person Singular
seminaryjnym	None
odbiera	Third person Singular
runęło	Third person Singular
równoważnik	None
komentowali	Third person Plural
rzucała	Third person Singular
skończysz	Second person Singular
kłamałeś	Second person Singular
arogancka	None
polecałbym	First person Singular
polecała	Third person Singular
obejmowalibyśmy	First person Plural
pokazuje	Third person Singular
poróżniłyby	Third person Plural
znaczy	Third person Singular
kłamiesz	Second person Singular
igła	None
pogrzebali	Third person Plural
potężną	None
kornetów	None
podstaw	None
blazonowaniach	None
pandemie	None
drukował	Third person Singular
łamcie	Second person Plural
podkreślasz	Second person Singular
koczownicze	None
dawałbyś	Second person Singular
wysyłałem	First person Singular
esemesom	None
wędrował	Third person Singular
absorbował	Third person Singular
siadam	First person Singular
wysiądą	Third person Plural
kozłkach	None
szlachetne	None
mylicie	Second person Plural
przyjmujesz	Second person Singular
korzystałybyście	Second person Plural
otrzymałby	Third person Singular
sefardyjska	None
tworzymy	First person Plural
trwaj	Second person Singular
uznaje	Third person Singular
obaliły	Third person Plural
kaucji	None
wygarnęłaby	Third person Singular
zwymyślałbym	First person Singular
odnawialnej	None
uderzające	None
pędzi	Third person Singular
zasługiwali	Third person Plural
urodźmy	First person Plural
karmili	Third person Plural
chronił	Third person Singular
kosmonautą	None
dodzwoniłybyście	Second person Plural
trzeb	Second person Singular
daliby	Third person Plural
gron	None
podchodzą	Third person Plural
otrzymała	Third person Singular
parlamentom	None
Czeszce	None
planowały	Third person Plural
metodach	None
śmierdziałem	First person Singular
zadałam	First person Singular
dowodzimy	First person Plural
instytutami	None
połączą	Third person Plural
popełnili	Third person Plural
czekali	Third person Plural
unikało	Third person Singular
zrozumieliśmy	First person Plural
jawiły	Third person Plural
słyszała	Third person Singular
cerach	None
podnosimy	First person Plural
poprawiają	Third person Plural
trać	Second person Singular
malinową	None
czyszczę	First person Singular
wspomina	Third person Singular
rodzili	Third person Plural
mijał	Third person Singular
usunie	Third person Singular
spadał	Third person Singular
pojawia	Third person Singular
tworzysz	Second person Singular
podróżuj	Second person Singular
nieznośny	None
definicje	None
wezmą	Third person Plural
ograniczały	Third person Plural
bezpieczniejszą	None
przegrały	Third person Plural
weterynarze	None
pisało	Third person Singular
jawiła	Third person Singular
żądało	Third person Singular
unikam	First person Singular
kruchy	None
szóstek	None
pojawiałyby	Third person Plural
podnoszę	First person Singular
uwielbiał	Third person Singular
obejmował	Third person Singular
muflonach	None
wiciokrzewach	None
kupują	Third person Plural
udręczonego	None
nowojorski	None
zapomniwszy	None
nazywałem	First person Singular
ocenisz	Second person Singular
sułtanami	None
głosowałyśmy	First person Plural
pochodnej	None
usuniemy	First person Plural
odwzajemnił	Third person Singular
napierdalacie	Second person Plural
uciekało	Third person Singular
zachorowały	Third person Plural
wywołujecie	Second person Plural
połknęliście	Second person Plural
wskażesz	Second person Singular
rzucą	Third person Plural
zapraszaj	Second person Singular
naprawianiu	None
przyszły	None
szopko	None
kulturystami	None
dymach	None
prali	Third person Plural
pasierb	None
wysyłasz	Second person Singular
wyprzedażą	None
olejach	None
śpiewajcie	Second person Plural
eucharystycznych	None
podchodzisz	Second person Singular
błądziłybyście	Second person Plural
doprowadzali	Third person Plural
potwierdzili	Third person Plural
włóczniach	None
wyhaftujmy	First person Plural
stal	None
ligustru	None
kopał	Third person Singular
śledź	Second person Singular
myliliście	Second person Plural
zdrajczynią	None
jął	Third person Singular
płonęło	Third person Singular
ogarniał	Third person Singular
rządzi	Third person Singular
spieszyli	Third person Plural
mamroczcie	Second person Plural
poprawiły	Third person Plural
wspomniałabym	First person Singular
dotykali	Third person Plural
aneksowi	None
płyn	None
zbylibyście	Second person Plural
numerował	Third person Singular
oliwka	None
wiosłowalibyśmy	First person Plural
łamiesz	Second person Singular
uczył	Third person Singular
pornograficznej	None
działała	Third person Singular
jaśminowce	None
pochodziły	Third person Plural
wargowy	None
dżezbendowi	None
wskazywaliby	Third person Plural
wywołamy	First person Plural
pomocników	None
dzierżyli	Third person Plural
gole	None
poroniłbym	First person Singular
dziw	Second person Singular
runę	First person Singular
odwiedzało	Third person Singular
burzyły	Third person Plural
miauczałabym	First person Singular
należenie	None
usunąłem	First person Singular
barmanów	None
działoby	Third person Singular
grenlandzkiego	None
pokrywałem	First person Singular
homomorfizmom	None
dementuje	Third person Singular
ujebiecie	Second person Plural
planowaliście	Second person Plural
tlenowych	None
poprowadzi	Third person Singular
badaniach	None
krakałabym	First person Singular
rozróżniacie	Second person Plural
wywoła	Third person Singular
demontujemy	First person Plural
laotańskiej	None
zadzwoniłeś	Second person Singular
podnoszą	Third person Plural
tlejesz	Second person Singular
edytowałem	First person Singular
przemyt	None
dowiedz	Second person Singular
diabeł	None
ewangeliarza	None
zachorował	Third person Singular
zachodzę	First person Singular
budzę	First person Singular
pokładowi	None
zmartwychwstaje	Third person Singular
posłuchajcie	Second person Plural
opuszczałbym	First person Singular
mierzy	Third person Singular
filmował	Third person Singular
oziębła	None
proponowali	Third person Plural
hasał	Third person Singular
powtarza	Third person Singular
badało	Third person Singular
profes	None
skazali	Third person Plural
stawały	Third person Plural
ostrzegam	First person Singular
religiami	None
staraliśmy	First person Plural
otwórzmy	First person Plural
popełniła	Third person Singular
kategorie	None
ocenicie	Second person Plural
przyjmowały	Third person Plural
próbowałeś	Second person Singular
złamałabym	First person Singular
opisujmy	First person Plural
kosisku	None
wahałam	First person Singular
dokonałem	First person Singular
zabierzcie	Second person Plural
rży	Third person Singular
otrzymując	None
wspomniałeś	Second person Singular
stygnąłbyś	Second person Singular
największa	None
uwielbia	Third person Singular
więdnąłem	First person Singular
dziwiły	Third person Plural
kwiatową	None
złapało	Third person Singular
puściła	Third person Singular
wył	Third person Singular
studiowalibyśmy	First person Plural
zaczyna	Third person Singular
mara	None
aborcja	None
wsparła	Third person Singular
wymyślisz	Second person Singular
kłamali	Third person Plural
żuje	Third person Singular
wyłudzasz	Second person Singular
pozostawałby	Third person Singular
sprawiało	Third person Singular
kupowało	Third person Singular
ukrywajmy	First person Plural
naprawiałbym	First person Singular
urodzili	Third person Plural
słyszą	Third person Plural
wahał	Third person Singular
podróżowało	Third person Singular
niebieskawi	None
papieskich	None
embargach	None
działem	First person Singular
chełpiłoby	Third person Singular
czekało	Third person Singular
szanował	Third person Singular
wdzięczny	None
usunęły	Third person Plural
uratuje	Third person Singular
rodził	Third person Singular
rozsadzalibyście	Second person Plural
pożarłabym	First person Singular
bezprzewodowej	None
colesławem	None
obciążał	Third person Singular
otaczałyby	Third person Plural
socjologia	None
słuchała	Third person Singular
przychodom	None
podejrzewałeś	Second person Singular
strzelały	Third person Plural
dodany	None
sprzyjał	Third person Singular
przypomniałem	First person Singular
przyjąłem	First person Singular
uwielbiałby	Third person Singular
zostawisz	Second person Singular
uczęszczał	Third person Singular
napisał	Third person Singular
różniczkowego	None
uczestniczyłem	First person Singular
padam	First person Singular
zaczekał	Third person Singular
przekomarzam	First person Singular
spróbowały	Third person Plural
kąsałyby	Third person Plural
hulajnogę	None
jednostkami	None
wyżąć	None
chwalicie	Second person Plural
brzoskwiniowym	None
ruszyły	Third person Plural
dostaje	Third person Singular
stanowiłby	Third person Singular
doprowadzała	Third person Singular
balustrad	None
ostrzegałem	First person Singular
całuję	First person Singular
klikasz	Second person Singular
odebrały	Third person Plural
dymani	None
banglajcie	Second person Plural
wyglądała	Third person Singular
chłopu	None
gryzie	Third person Singular
kolekcjonuje	Third person Singular
podkreślałem	First person Singular
stoliczkami	None
podczerwony	None
znałem	First person Singular
gotowali	Third person Plural
kochałam	First person Singular
osobo	None
arsenem	None
kipieliby	Third person Plural
flirtowi	None
dosięgnęły	Third person Plural
dwór	None
odbudowali	Third person Plural
rozważałbym	First person Singular
poczekam	First person Singular
nasieniowód	None
obrzęknęłyście	Second person Plural
wybrał	Third person Singular
stracili	Third person Plural
traktujemy	First person Plural
dawałyby	Third person Plural
legarach	None
tworzył	Third person Singular
nagłówek	None
pędzili	Third person Plural
nieodmiennego	None
rozważały	Third person Plural
obrażaj	Second person Singular
czekoladkami	None
obalał	Third person Singular
obiecałbym	First person Singular
milczą	Third person Plural
zamordowane	None
posiadały	Third person Plural
przelecę	First person Singular
tlały	Third person Plural
podpaliły	Third person Plural
myszołowów	None
straci	Third person Singular
potrzebowaliśmy	First person Plural
podnosisz	Second person Singular
odwiedza	Third person Singular
odpoczywałem	First person Singular
potrzebowałbym	First person Singular
zweryfikowali	Third person Plural
rozmawiali	Third person Plural
cateringom	None
wierzycie	Second person Plural
rozproszyło	Third person Singular
wybuchają	Third person Plural
dźwignęłyśmy	First person Plural
znało	Third person Singular
radioizotopom	None
zamożnym	None
ruszaj	Second person Singular
wydmę	None
uwielbiałam	First person Singular
liniowym	None
zalogujesz	Second person Singular
widziałbym	First person Singular
kierowała	Third person Singular
wskazywałoby	Third person Singular
marnowany	None
poprawiały	Third person Plural
marzyłbyś	Second person Singular
pomagało	Third person Singular
kogucik	None
poprosiłem	First person Singular
banalne	None
trzymajmy	First person Plural
zachorowała	Third person Singular
rządziły	Third person Plural
uważajmy	First person Plural
widziałeś	Second person Singular
duszę	First person Singular
dwoisty	None
światłu	None
standardowym	None
poronione	None
zrozumiały	Third person Plural
zachodziło	Third person Singular
mąki	None
głosowałeś	Second person Singular
adeptom	None
tłumaczyłam	First person Singular
wierzyłem	First person Singular
przypominał	Third person Singular
grzmiąca	None
żartujecie	Second person Plural
stawał	Third person Singular
znacie	Second person Plural
otaczam	First person Singular
ptasim	None
żałowali	Third person Plural
prała	Third person Singular
kanałach	None
poprawiał	Third person Singular
religijnej	None
związkiem	None
terapeutą	None
okazie	None
pozostajesz	Second person Singular
usunęli	Third person Plural
przyjęła	Third person Singular
kłębkach	None
zapamiętaj	Second person Singular
umarłby	Third person Singular
szczerzyła	Third person Singular
proponują	Third person Plural
usunęło	Third person Singular
starał	Third person Singular
rarytasów	None
grudniowej	None
pojmuję	First person Singular
kierowałeś	Second person Singular
świerzbią	Third person Plural
siali	Third person Plural
gwizdalibyście	Second person Plural
upuścisz	Second person Singular
rośli	Third person Plural
ćwiczył	Third person Singular
analizują	Third person Plural
drażniły	Third person Plural
zniknęła	Third person Singular
robiła	Third person Singular
drażniła	Third person Singular
odpoczywał	Third person Singular
kwestionowałem	First person Singular
zapraszałyście	Second person Plural
wybieram	First person Singular
usuwam	First person Singular
strzelam	First person Singular
ubóstwiam	First person Singular
należałaby	Third person Singular
wojskowego	None
mijam	First person Singular
jawimy	First person Plural
czerwonawy	None
kalafiorowa	None
wyraźniejszemu	None
skrzypkami	None
honorach	None
strzelaj	Second person Singular
rozważyłyby	Third person Plural
garniturom	None
przedsionki	None
potwierdzasz	Second person Singular
przeprosi	Third person Singular
szanowałbym	First person Singular
podnosił	Third person Singular
popełnię	First person Singular
diagnozowało	Third person Singular
orgazm	None
korzystajmy	First person Plural
należ	Second person Singular
odebrało	Third person Singular
nokautów	None
trupem	None
wyjaśnimy	First person Plural
eksperymentach	None
energię	None
bożyszcza	None
otrzymuję	First person Singular
zaproś	Second person Singular
opuszczali	Third person Plural
popraw	Second person Singular
zrzuciła	Third person Singular
przeczytaliśmy	First person Plural
dowodowi	None
karmiła	Third person Singular
ściągał	Third person Singular
oddychaj	Second person Singular
grzebali	Third person Plural
prefiksach	None
ciekawską	None
wyżąłby	Third person Singular
sprzyjają	Third person Plural
igra	Third person Singular
pustelników	None
głosuje	Third person Singular
splądrowali	Third person Plural
rychlejszy	None
odkryła	Third person Singular
dymaliśmy	First person Plural
rozmawiały	Third person Plural
działasz	Second person Singular
zarżnęliby	Third person Plural
czuła	Third person Singular
serdecznych	None
czekały	Third person Plural
dowodzi	Third person Singular
imperatorom	None
ruszymy	First person Plural
słuchają	Third person Plural
garncarzy	None
psuła	Third person Singular
rosła	Third person Singular
wyjaśnij	Second person Singular
spodziewały	Third person Plural
wyznaczyło	Third person Singular
straciłby	Third person Singular
absurdzie	None
harowali	Third person Plural
pewnym	None
gasił	Third person Singular
żyj	Second person Singular
mieszam	First person Singular
polecali	Third person Plural
kopałby	Third person Singular
wpływało	Third person Singular
płakał	Third person Singular
ruszył	Third person Singular
gadaj	Second person Singular
spróbowało	Third person Singular
przepraszam	First person Singular
posłuchaj	Second person Singular
potrzebujemy	First person Plural
rządził	Third person Singular
egzorcyzmy	None
grzebiesz	Second person Singular
granicząc	None
działałby	Third person Singular
ryczał	Third person Singular
zasługiwała	Third person Singular
gwiżdże	Third person Singular
simensa	None
reklamami	None
słyszeliście	Second person Plural
kucała	Third person Singular
obiecało	Third person Singular
szlaucha	None
gonilibyście	Second person Plural
barw	None
uderzyłem	First person Singular
zawieść	None
puszczą	Third person Plural
strzelają	Third person Plural
zabiło	Third person Singular
widzą	Third person Plural
wskazałem	First person Singular
krogulcami	None
krzyczę	First person Singular
kom	None
wysokości	None
wierzymy	First person Plural
podróżował	Third person Singular
symulowała	Third person Singular
cierniach	None
kip	Second person Singular
dziękowałeś	Second person Singular
gatunkami	None
autobiografię	None
połykali	Third person Plural
ignorował	Third person Singular
kierowałyby	Third person Plural
oceniaj	Second person Singular
wyglądasz	Second person Singular
potwierdza	Third person Singular
wyświetlało	Third person Singular
prawym	None
brudziłyby	Third person Plural
puszcza	Third person Singular
milczysz	Second person Singular
planowalibyście	Second person Plural
traktowaliśmy	First person Plural
piekarnie	None
martwiła	Third person Singular
działają	Third person Plural
dźwigały	Third person Plural
garnizon	None
napiszą	Third person Plural
opowiadałyśmy	First person Plural
więcierz	None
kolarzem	None
dwuwymiarowe	None
pokonałby	Third person Singular
abecadła	None
zatokę	None
weźmiesz	Second person Singular
mutant	None
sieję	First person Singular
wymyśliliśmy	First person Plural
siedziałbym	First person Singular
egzaminowałybyście	Second person Plural
siedziało	Third person Singular
starajcie	Second person Plural
atakowała	Third person Singular
denerwowało	Third person Singular
traktowało	Third person Singular
dały	Third person Plural
robaka	None
pytałem	First person Singular
umówmy	First person Plural
bredzilibyśmy	First person Plural
odmienniejszych	None
harmonogramem	None
wygrałbym	First person Singular
runie	Third person Singular
najpiękniejsi	None
dokonasz	Second person Singular
siatek	None
wskazywała	Third person Singular
kowariancjom	None
pozostaje	Third person Singular
śpiewały	Third person Plural
otrzymacie	Second person Plural
gmina	None
sądziliśmy	First person Plural
biega	Third person Singular
krupami	None
pamiętaj	Second person Singular
drga	Third person Singular
rozmywa	Third person Singular
świadomą	None
żelbetowym	None
chrzczony	None
spodziewaj	Second person Singular
neptun	None
puszczałoby	Third person Singular
odradza	Third person Singular
dowodził	Third person Singular
krwawią	Third person Plural
zesraj	Second person Singular
zaniechało	Third person Singular
kuszą	Third person Plural
działałyby	Third person Plural
fioletowych	None
powtórzył	Third person Singular
sama	None
klawiaturę	None
bredziły	Third person Plural
przestrzegamy	First person Plural
zaprowadzili	Third person Plural
zauważyłaś	Second person Singular
unikamy	First person Plural
strzelamy	First person Plural
aulę	None
wyjaśniłem	First person Singular
portowiec	None
wdzięcznymi	None
rozpraw	None
wskazują	Third person Plural
umieraj	Second person Singular
naprawiamy	First person Plural
twórz	Second person Singular
podejrzewają	Third person Plural
jednogłośnej	None
czekaliśmy	First person Plural
psuje	Third person Singular
kontrolujące	None
pluralizmu	None
pędzą	Third person Plural
noś	Second person Singular
bajką	None
czytaliśmy	First person Plural
sypaliby	Third person Plural
podkreślałbym	First person Singular
widzicie	Second person Plural
skłamał	Third person Singular
sprawdzasz	Second person Singular
kradnij	Second person Singular
leczyły	Third person Plural
inteligencję	None
archipelag	None
dziękowano	None
złożyła	Third person Singular
odpoczniesz	Second person Singular
piszczała	Third person Singular
trzaskaj	Second person Singular
lepiliśmy	First person Plural
skaczą	Third person Plural
nadepnąłeś	Second person Singular
otrulibyśmy	First person Plural
brodziłyby	Third person Plural
wkurwiałyście	Second person Plural
orlej	None
zrobiliście	Second person Plural
łapałby	Third person Singular
napisałbyś	Second person Singular
kręcilibyśmy	First person Plural
