deliği	Possession by 3.sg
karides	None
tütünü	Possession by 2.sg
gelmeler	None
heyecanımı	Possession by 3.pl
dinamitlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
üreticiyiz	None
taşeronlara	None
mumun	Possession by 2.sg
solunumda	None
blogu	Possession by 3.sg
selam	None
çekirdeği	Possession by 3.sg
hikayeler	None
sistemimizin	Possession by 1.pl
şakalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
topluluğumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
yazdın	None
gemimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yüzmelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
yapmanızın	Possession by 2.pl
erkekliğe	None
kalemde	Possession by 3.pl
keçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
sepetimden	Possession by 3.pl
dalgasının	Possession by 3.sg
çiftliğin	Possession by 2.sg
cümlenin	Possession by 2.sg
konuma	Possession by 3.pl
telefonunuz	Possession by 2.pl
madama	None
evrimler	None
gemisinde	Possession by 3.sg
arzuyu	None
sorularınızın	Possession by 2.pl
ağlamanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kontese	None
mevkinin	Possession by 2.sg
kurulumun	Possession by 3.pl
salonlardan	None
masanın	Possession by 2.sg
bencil	None
başvurunuza	Possession by 2.pl
baltası	Possession by 3.sg
yazacaksın	None
kardeşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
elmalara	None
yapmasının	Possession by 3.sg
avı	Possession by 3.sg
vermiyorsun	None
bulunuyoruz	None
ağların	Possession by 2.sg
bacaların	Possession by 2.sg
alanımızı	Possession by 1.pl
tangaların	Possession by 2.sg
sistemimize	Possession by 1.pl
terörizmin	None
haremlik	None
topçusunu	Possession by 3.sg
sözleşmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
durumlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
vitrin	None
ipin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanıcılarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
kedilerin	Possession by 2.sg
böceği	Possession by 3.sg
çukurlarda	None
akını	Possession by 2.sg
şelalesinde	Possession by 3.sg
karıştırtıyorduk	None
fırtınanın	Possession by 2.sg
aşiretlerin	Possession by 2.sg
eceli	Possession by 3.sg
öğretiyor	None
geceyi	None
giysisi	Possession by 3.sg
çalgıların	Possession by 2.sg
tayfaların	Possession by 2.sg
üzdüler	None
çizdim	None
camilerim	Possession by 3.pl
öğretmendi	None
sıralamanın	Possession by 2.sg
kastınız	None
dağınığız	None
dizemlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
sağlayıcısını	Possession by 3.sg
hatam	Possession by 3.pl
kullanış	None
yakan	Possession by 2.sg
öğütmediniz	None
kumandanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
mimlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
mutfağınızı	Possession by 2.pl
değişti	None
minaresinden	Possession by 3.sg
prostat	None
tasarrufun	Possession by 2.sg
hülya	None
piyanolarınız	Possession by 2.pl
yıldırımımıza	Possession by 1.pl
mutluluk	None
avukatlardık	None
heykelciklerin	Possession by 2.sg
lezbiyenin	Possession by 2.sg
manivelası	Possession by 3.sg
kapasitesi	Possession by 3.sg
kandili	Possession by 3.sg
geçmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
kokusuna	Possession by 3.sg
popun	Possession by 2.sg
manasında	Possession by 3.sg
pabucu	Possession by 3.sg
kirlere	None
kavağın	Possession by 2.sg
biseksüellermiş	None
polisi	Possession by 3.sg
yetmezliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
haritamın	Possession by 3.pl
ibnemiz	Possession by 1.pl
biliyorum	None
teşkilatı	Possession by 3.sg
sanmıyorum	None
hududu	Possession by 3.sg
çavuşlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
jonglörde	None
durağımın	Possession by 3.pl
volkandan	None
intiharımızı	Possession by 1.pl
homurdanmasında	Possession by 3.sg
gözbebeklerinin	None
şeyimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kaplumbağasının	Possession by 3.sg
Türkçeleştiririz	None
tarafımıza	Possession by 1.pl
nişanlısından	Possession by 3.sg
çişlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
alnın	Possession by 2.sg
sepeti	Possession by 3.sg
bağırsağı	Possession by 3.sg
keşfedersiniz	None
kilimi	Possession by 3.sg
canlandırması	Possession by 3.sg
bacanın	Possession by 2.sg
hastamda	Possession by 3.pl
kazmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
mesuliyetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
köylülerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
minarelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kuyusunu	Possession by 3.sg
filizlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bağlardı	None
çalışmalarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
kazasından	Possession by 3.sg
önümüze	Possession by 1.pl
kokuya	None
incisi	Possession by 3.sg
havuzu	Possession by 3.sg
oyum	Possession by 3.pl
sahnesi	Possession by 3.sg
teoremlerde	None
eşyasını	Possession by 3.sg
pusulası	Possession by 3.sg
eğlenceden	None
ormanı	Possession by 3.sg
yumuyor	None
kıyısını	Possession by 3.sg
gaflar	None
yemenimizde	Possession by 1.pl
uğratılmadı	None
vezirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yayıncılığın	Possession by 2.sg
mıknatısı	Possession by 3.sg
sezdim	None
vadesi	Possession by 3.sg
sebepler	None
parçanıza	Possession by 2.pl
ikilemin	Possession by 2.sg
yapmamıza	Possession by 1.pl
taklitçisi	Possession by 3.sg
çizgisine	Possession by 3.sg
krallığa	None
temsilcisi	Possession by 3.sg
sagalar	None
yaralanmasının	Possession by 3.sg
topçumda	Possession by 3.pl
kayıtlar	None
eriği	Possession by 3.sg
kibritin	Possession by 2.sg
bilgimin	Possession by 3.pl
beklettin	None
eğlencesine	Possession by 3.sg
işçisinin	Possession by 3.sg
programlattırır	None
tatta	None
mektubun	Possession by 2.sg
çıktısının	Possession by 3.sg
evrenler	None
öznelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
diziye	None
gönlüm	Possession by 3.pl
üremi	Possession by 3.pl
amaçlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
yorumu	Possession by 3.sg
amcaya	None
temsili	Possession by 3.sg
kozu	Possession by 3.sg
dirseğimizden	Possession by 1.pl
doğusunu	Possession by 3.sg
köftesinin	Possession by 3.sg
odasının	Possession by 3.sg
ölürsün	None
topladık	None
çarın	Possession by 2.sg
uydusu	Possession by 3.sg
tepkimesinden	Possession by 3.sg
karısını	Possession by 3.sg
yetkiniz	Possession by 2.pl
mihrabın	Possession by 2.sg
tozlara	None
taktı	None
entrikalardan	None
öğretisini	Possession by 3.sg
kalbimi	Possession by 3.pl
gömlekten	None
kataloglarda	None
ikileme	None
şirketin	Possession by 2.sg
anketimize	Possession by 1.pl
bakireydi	None
mazgalı	Possession by 3.sg
yarışmasında	Possession by 3.sg
ziyaretçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
nargile	None
verime	Possession by 3.pl
piskoposlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
nişanlısı	Possession by 3.sg
gemisine	Possession by 3.sg
çözeltilerin	Possession by 2.sg
dağıtıyordu	None
misafirler	None
bisikletin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmasının	Possession by 3.sg
alkışı	Possession by 3.sg
yazıttan	None
oğlumu	Possession by 3.pl
önceliğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
çizgisinde	Possession by 3.sg
tanrıya	None
dövüşçünüz	Possession by 2.pl
yıktı	None
çanı	Possession by 3.sg
karantinanı	Possession by 2.sg
parlatıcılarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
aktrisler	None
kandil	None
bilginizi	Possession by 2.pl
akrabalarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
sitenizde	Possession by 2.pl
gecesinden	Possession by 3.sg
tanesinde	Possession by 3.sg
adımız	Possession by 1.pl
şüphesini	Possession by 3.sg
kategorisi	Possession by 3.sg
benzerdi	None
koyların	Possession by 2.sg
kozmonotun	Possession by 2.sg
sevkiyatı	Possession by 3.sg
derlemesinin	Possession by 3.sg
cücelerin	Possession by 2.sg
yorumunuz	Possession by 2.pl
olayın	Possession by 2.sg
mısırların	Possession by 2.sg
yasanın	Possession by 2.sg
araçların	Possession by 2.sg
çöpçatanlıklar	None
sözcüklerin	Possession by 2.sg
çamuru	Possession by 3.sg
tenim	Possession by 3.pl
burunların	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğraf	None
fişeğin	Possession by 2.sg
sabanın	Possession by 2.sg
heyecanınızda	Possession by 2.pl
ablanın	Possession by 2.sg
çoğula	None
pornonun	Possession by 2.sg
rakısı	Possession by 3.sg
peronu	Possession by 3.sg
sistemlerin	Possession by 2.sg
domatesin	Possession by 2.sg
tepkimesinde	Possession by 3.sg
yağmurum	Possession by 3.pl
gönülde	None
entrikası	Possession by 3.sg
sitemi	Possession by 3.pl
öyküsünden	Possession by 3.sg
nihayette	None
tasarımlar	None
yetkinin	Possession by 2.sg
müşterilersin	None
makinelerin	Possession by 2.sg
mumya	None
korunmasına	Possession by 3.sg
cibinliklerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
aldattın	None
yolculuklara	None
direklerin	Possession by 2.sg
güreşçisi	Possession by 3.sg
seyretmiyor	None
halkların	Possession by 2.sg
kulağıma	Possession by 3.pl
kıyısına	Possession by 3.sg
klavyesinde	Possession by 3.sg
âşıkların	Possession by 2.sg
merminden	Possession by 2.sg
vücutların	None
kullanışlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
sitemizden	Possession by 1.pl
deliğin	Possession by 2.sg
integrallerin	Possession by 2.sg
karakterim	Possession by 3.pl
kutum	Possession by 3.pl
haritasında	Possession by 3.sg
davranışçılığımda	Possession by 3.pl
sayfalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
tahdidi	Possession by 3.sg
dalganın	Possession by 2.sg
ziyaretçisinin	Possession by 3.sg
girdi	None
pipilerimize	Possession by 1.pl
klavyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
çarpmadın	None
yağışların	Possession by 2.sg
oyuncağımıza	Possession by 1.pl
duymadın	None
duruyordun	None
perini	Possession by 2.sg
dervişimden	Possession by 3.pl
bilgisinden	Possession by 3.sg
yıkıyordunuz	None
akvaryumun	Possession by 2.sg
kasabın	Possession by 2.sg
uyuşturucunun	Possession by 2.sg
evladın	Possession by 2.sg
çölün	Possession by 2.sg
dövmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
buzulun	Possession by 2.sg
peronunuza	Possession by 2.pl
uygulamanın	Possession by 2.sg
mobilyalarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
bayılır	None
olayım	Possession by 3.pl
çakılımı	Possession by 3.pl
değirmenin	Possession by 2.sg
davranışların	Possession by 2.sg
tayfasına	Possession by 3.sg
aksisedamızın	Possession by 1.pl
tabutun	Possession by 2.sg
fareye	None
parıltılarımın	Possession by 3.pl
düşmanların	Possession by 2.sg
unu	Possession by 3.sg
teklifiniz	Possession by 2.pl
kaplumbağası	Possession by 3.sg
eksikliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
müzisyeni	Possession by 3.sg
yarama	Possession by 3.pl
mıknatıslara	None
koordinatların	Possession by 2.sg
minarenizden	Possession by 2.pl
kazıma	Possession by 3.pl
verniklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
biranın	None
donduruyorum	None
lehçesini	Possession by 3.sg
patlamadık	None
dudaklarımda	Possession by 3.pl
sunucundan	Possession by 2.sg
tümceden	None
kuvvetlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
maşalar	None
dönmüyor	None
bulamayacak	None
fikirlerinize	Possession by 2.pl
ecemizden	Possession by 1.pl
çiğdem	None
kertenkelelerde	None
tabancasına	Possession by 3.sg
evlatların	Possession by 2.sg
doğanın	None
kıblenin	Possession by 2.sg
boyacısının	Possession by 3.sg
lehçeden	None
sunucularımız	Possession by 1.pl
ayağımın	Possession by 3.pl
bölgelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kutlamaların	None
köpüğün	Possession by 2.sg
günlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
videosunda	Possession by 3.sg
rakının	Possession by 2.sg
sınırı	Possession by 3.sg
söğüdümüzü	Possession by 1.pl
davranmaz	None
disketi	Possession by 3.sg
gönlü	Possession by 3.sg
plaklarda	None
ziyaretçisi	Possession by 3.sg
tacize	None
zangoç	None
oğluma	Possession by 3.pl
bölgem	Possession by 3.pl
tüylerim	Possession by 3.pl
dikkatiniz	Possession by 2.pl
kıyafeti	Possession by 3.sg
yaralanmanın	Possession by 2.sg
seçmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
pudingi	None
albatrosu	Possession by 3.sg
lehçesine	Possession by 3.sg
ritimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
karamellerimin	Possession by 3.pl
parasızlıklarımız	Possession by 1.pl
dalgan	Possession by 2.sg
adımın	Possession by 3.pl
oğlu	Possession by 3.sg
teklifinizin	Possession by 2.pl
sendromu	Possession by 3.sg
bölgemizin	Possession by 1.pl
tanrılarınız	Possession by 2.pl
tenlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
platformlardan	None
termometrelerin	Possession by 2.sg
ipeğin	Possession by 2.sg
ateşi	Possession by 3.sg
uçakların	Possession by 2.sg
gelmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
baltaların	Possession by 2.sg
durmam	None
yörünge	None
sağlayıcılardan	None
fikrimizi	Possession by 1.pl
belediyelerimden	Possession by 3.pl
konserlerin	Possession by 2.sg
akbabamız	Possession by 1.pl
bozmadı	None
külümüze	Possession by 1.pl
eğlencesini	Possession by 3.sg
vücuda	None
yoğurtlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
kattılar	None
tangalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
kasetin	Possession by 2.sg
dağılması	Possession by 3.sg
havuzların	Possession by 2.sg
biçimimiz	Possession by 1.pl
teyzenin	None
motelinizi	Possession by 2.pl
gecelerim	Possession by 3.pl
papağanın	Possession by 2.sg
süzüyorduk	None
kefaletin	Possession by 2.sg
uyarımı	Possession by 3.pl
camisini	Possession by 3.sg
sebebimiz	Possession by 1.pl
tundralarız	None
hücresinde	Possession by 3.sg
bisikletimizde	Possession by 1.pl
ilköğretimi	Possession by 3.sg
piramit	None
kürkümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
kaygıya	None
yüzeylerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
destanın	Possession by 2.sg
çatıyorum	None
indirimi	Possession by 3.sg
fili	Possession by 3.sg
bekledi	None
kamerasından	Possession by 3.sg
hayırseveriz	None
ölümümden	Possession by 3.pl
çıktı	None
çevre	None
kavaklar	None
keçisinin	Possession by 3.sg
popu	Possession by 3.sg
kapının	Possession by 2.sg
bulunmazlar	None
zamanımıza	Possession by 1.pl
gölgesini	Possession by 3.sg
banliyösü	Possession by 3.sg
çardı	None
dövmesi	Possession by 3.sg
harç	None
sarmaşığı	Possession by 3.sg
taçlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
sayfamdan	Possession by 3.pl
aznavurdum	None
sivrisinekten	None
acılara	None
kantinlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kalmadım	None
pandalar	None
bedevilerin	Possession by 2.sg
akıma	Possession by 3.pl
ettirttim	None
basketbolcuma	Possession by 3.pl
çip	None
sayfaya	None
boşalmasını	Possession by 3.sg
seçmende	Possession by 2.sg
disketler	None
oyuncun	Possession by 2.sg
korunmalarımın	Possession by 3.pl
uyarıma	Possession by 3.pl
hatırı	Possession by 3.sg
füzelere	None
papirüs	None
duraklarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
uygulaması	Possession by 3.sg
yarımadaya	None
kafatasından	None
günümüzde	Possession by 1.pl
bakanım	Possession by 3.pl
veziri	Possession by 3.sg
listemden	Possession by 3.pl
depolara	None
ekranlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
namaza	None
sakinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kuşlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
cephelerden	None
eğildim	None
çözeltisine	Possession by 3.sg
kapısından	Possession by 3.sg
soğanlar	None
mumyası	Possession by 3.sg
önerini	Possession by 2.sg
güçlüğün	Possession by 2.sg
sonbaharlarda	None
tutulmanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
düdüğü	Possession by 3.sg
şortu	Possession by 3.sg
ettirtmediler	None
polinomumdan	Possession by 3.pl
kolyene	Possession by 2.sg
yanıtımı	Possession by 3.pl
üyesinden	Possession by 3.sg
musluğumuz	Possession by 1.pl
ağasından	Possession by 3.sg
bekletirim	None
sıralamalar	None
kapın	Possession by 2.sg
terziler	None
tarımı	Possession by 3.sg
çokdilliliğime	Possession by 3.pl
amcam	Possession by 3.pl
elipsin	Possession by 2.sg
monarşi	None
ülkemizin	Possession by 1.pl
türevin	Possession by 2.sg
akrebi	Possession by 3.sg
ortamlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
şampanyalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
saydım	None
sözlüğünüzden	Possession by 2.pl
hukukta	None
kanarsınız	None
temsilcinin	Possession by 2.sg
öğretime	Possession by 3.pl
spamlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
sidik	None
depoların	Possession by 2.sg
düldül	None
mağaranın	Possession by 2.sg
vampiriz	None
örneğim	Possession by 3.pl
kayıttan	None
istemcinin	Possession by 2.sg
adamlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
mobilya	None
yarası	Possession by 3.sg
köylülerin	Possession by 2.sg
makineler	None
çökeltisi	Possession by 3.sg
tayfalar	None
kızanınıza	Possession by 2.pl
karanfili	Possession by 3.sg
bıçağımdan	Possession by 3.pl
fikirlerde	None
baharatın	Possession by 2.sg
haritasına	Possession by 3.sg
vekile	None
uğratıldı	None
iyileşti	None
derlemesini	Possession by 3.sg
belleklerin	Possession by 2.sg
krizi	Possession by 3.sg
tekili	Possession by 3.sg
kelimesinde	Possession by 3.sg
birleşmenin	Possession by 2.sg
göçü	Possession by 3.sg
bağımız	Possession by 1.pl
pastırmanda	Possession by 2.sg
çimkemizden	Possession by 1.pl
çorbasını	Possession by 3.sg
cezalandırır	None
bileğe	None
tesadüflere	None
etiketi	Possession by 3.sg
saga	None
halkın	Possession by 2.sg
sürekliliğim	Possession by 3.pl
migreni	Possession by 3.sg
aşı	Possession by 3.sg
deyimi	Possession by 3.sg
şelalenin	Possession by 2.sg
yangın	None
yerlerin	Possession by 2.sg
vampirdin	None
ücretsizliğinizde	Possession by 2.pl
fiziğe	None
etekten	None
atomun	Possession by 2.sg
uçurtması	Possession by 3.sg
hipotalamustan	None
eşyanın	Possession by 2.sg
çakalın	Possession by 2.sg
zağarımda	Possession by 3.pl
sunusunun	Possession by 3.sg
sığmıyor	None
öğretisine	Possession by 3.sg
oğullarım	Possession by 3.pl
aşkı	Possession by 3.sg
ütünüzde	Possession by 2.pl
barışı	Possession by 3.sg
vampiri	Possession by 3.sg
bittim	None
silindirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bakmanızda	Possession by 2.pl
betiğin	Possession by 2.sg
cimcimeye	None
bombasının	Possession by 3.sg
kusmanda	Possession by 2.sg
listesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yöresini	Possession by 3.sg
uğratıyordun	None
birleştirir	None
eksikliğin	Possession by 2.sg
kıyının	Possession by 2.sg
arzuya	None
parmaklara	None
masallarda	None
rotorun	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğrafımız	Possession by 1.pl
birleşmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
raporun	Possession by 2.sg
aygıt	None
akımı	Possession by 3.pl
sevgilim	Possession by 3.pl
yalıtımımda	Possession by 3.pl
parçasını	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmadım	None
ayakkabılar	None
tatlının	Possession by 2.sg
aşkıma	Possession by 3.pl
bölüyordun	None
bükülmesine	Possession by 3.sg
gırtlağın	Possession by 2.sg
jenerasyon	None
değişmem	None
beldesinin	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübelerim	Possession by 3.pl
ölecek	None
sanatçıya	None
utanmıyordun	None
kuzuların	Possession by 2.sg
evrimlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
sorumluluğum	Possession by 3.pl
atıştırmadım	None
temsillere	None
noktürnümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
dükü	Possession by 3.sg
frambuazım	Possession by 3.pl
bakmadan	None
seçeneklerden	None
acısından	Possession by 3.sg
vapurlarsınız	None
kodun	None
fonksiyona	None
ışınmışız	None
tercihlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
taksimde	Possession by 3.pl
barışın	Possession by 2.sg
adamlarım	Possession by 3.pl
iste	None
dizesinden	Possession by 3.sg
masasını	Possession by 3.sg
canlandırmaya	None
ağasını	Possession by 3.sg
susamımdan	Possession by 3.pl
üreticisini	Possession by 3.sg
dayar	None
güreşçilermişiz	None
cücelerim	Possession by 3.pl
akbabanın	Possession by 2.sg
bütünü	Possession by 3.sg
kavramınıza	Possession by 2.pl
sayfana	Possession by 2.sg
kılım	Possession by 3.pl
yaprakların	Possession by 2.sg
pamuğu	Possession by 3.sg
tekdillilikte	None
elçisini	Possession by 3.sg
geçmen	Possession by 2.sg
sivrisinekleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
hatalarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
hastalardan	None
rotorların	Possession by 2.sg
teorinin	Possession by 2.sg
akrabalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
şirketimiz	Possession by 1.pl
otomobilin	Possession by 2.sg
çekmecesinde	Possession by 3.sg
yumurtasına	Possession by 3.sg
alemi	Possession by 3.sg
tümcesi	Possession by 3.sg
simidimizde	Possession by 1.pl
ilacın	Possession by 2.sg
ayımı	Possession by 3.pl
kazayı	None
devrime	None
listeme	Possession by 3.pl
bileğin	Possession by 2.sg
yüzeyin	Possession by 2.sg
yarışmasından	Possession by 3.sg
rehinelere	None
yumurtasından	Possession by 3.sg
birleşmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
hemşiresi	Possession by 3.sg
kolada	None
kahramanımızı	Possession by 1.pl
bölümlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
istemcisini	Possession by 3.sg
dikkatin	Possession by 2.sg
güçlüklere	None
mutfaklarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
bilyelerde	None
kullanıcımızın	Possession by 1.pl
radyonun	Possession by 2.sg
fizikçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
astronotlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
ablalardım	None
referansa	None
cezeriyemizin	Possession by 1.pl
yönün	Possession by 2.sg
enginarı	Possession by 3.sg
kusması	Possession by 3.sg
gecelik	None
şimali	Possession by 3.sg
atmaıyorsun	None
yabancının	Possession by 2.sg
salacağım	None
prensler	None
mevkisinde	Possession by 3.sg
bakanlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
ağlarım	Possession by 3.pl
olmazsın	None
jaluzilerimden	Possession by 3.pl
ülkeni	Possession by 2.sg
ortaklıkların	Possession by 2.sg
öğretisinin	Possession by 3.sg
zamanımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
vedaların	Possession by 2.sg
tanım	Possession by 3.pl
kazınız	Possession by 2.pl
mayaların	Possession by 2.sg
radyona	Possession by 2.sg
kızıyorum	None
plak	None
kaynaştırtıyorduk	None
ekranın	Possession by 2.sg
işletmenin	Possession by 2.sg
sakini	Possession by 3.sg
edebiyatımızın	Possession by 1.pl
telefonun	Possession by 2.sg
davranışı	Possession by 3.sg
ortağı	Possession by 3.sg
zeytininizde	Possession by 2.pl
palikaryası	Possession by 3.sg
röpörtaj	None
pastasını	Possession by 3.sg
şeylerden	None
hanıma	None
köylüsü	Possession by 3.sg
üyesine	Possession by 3.sg
gerisine	Possession by 3.sg
astronotların	Possession by 2.sg
sözleşmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
akıya	None
kiliseyi	None
klavyesine	Possession by 3.sg
günümü	Possession by 3.pl
kulum	Possession by 3.pl
uyarınız	Possession by 2.pl
isyanların	Possession by 2.sg
bamyası	Possession by 3.sg
paradoksların	None
kullanmamın	Possession by 3.pl
porsuğumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
ülkelerin	Possession by 2.sg
ulusların	Possession by 2.sg
taklidimiz	Possession by 1.pl
elmasın	Possession by 2.sg
koyumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
taksin	Possession by 2.sg
boğazdan	None
zağara	None
ayrılırsınız	None
elmas	None
yapmamızı	Possession by 1.pl
totemciliklerime	Possession by 3.pl
şiveniz	Possession by 2.pl
düzmüyorsun	None
nala	None
damlaların	None
tavanı	Possession by 3.sg
maymunlarda	None
örümceğe	None
telefonların	Possession by 2.sg
dolmaz	None
sendromların	Possession by 2.sg
dublörlerime	Possession by 3.pl
purondan	Possession by 2.sg
delim	Possession by 3.pl
erkeceyinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kaldıracın	Possession by 2.sg
benzer	None
işlemesini	Possession by 3.sg
ilkesini	Possession by 3.sg
geçindi	None
taslağımız	Possession by 1.pl
bedeviymişsiniz	None
ülkeyi	None
adam	None
öğütücünü	Possession by 2.sg
istisnası	Possession by 3.sg
öğretilerin	Possession by 2.sg
çarmıhınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
sözcüğe	None
ecenizden	Possession by 2.pl
çakalların	Possession by 2.sg
listenizde	Possession by 2.pl
ummanmışsınız	None
maskesi	Possession by 3.sg
heceye	None
baharatı	Possession by 3.sg
garsonu	Possession by 3.sg
dilberim	Possession by 3.pl
damadı	Possession by 3.sg
küçüğüm	None
lokman	Possession by 2.sg
entrikasının	Possession by 3.sg
kalkanlara	None
süngeri	Possession by 3.sg
ayıların	Possession by 2.sg
şeftalinin	Possession by 2.sg
aygırınızı	Possession by 2.pl
tahditlerinize	Possession by 2.pl
hastasına	Possession by 3.sg
dikdörtgenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yardımın	Possession by 2.sg
ölülere	None
modelim	Possession by 3.pl
kaçağın	Possession by 2.sg
öksürüğü	Possession by 3.sg
köylünün	Possession by 2.sg
patlıcandan	None
unutuyor	None
sure	None
makinesine	Possession by 3.sg
fakültemizin	Possession by 1.pl
aşkımı	Possession by 3.pl
devrimi	Possession by 3.sg
lahanadan	None
düşmezler	None
şimşekler	None
topçulardın	None
alanım	Possession by 3.pl
yenildi	None
üyeliğe	None
enstrümanlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
boşalması	Possession by 3.sg
ağasının	Possession by 3.sg
samurumuz	Possession by 1.pl
dinozor	None
sitesinin	Possession by 3.sg
mikropların	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencide	None
kıyımda	Possession by 3.pl
yaymazlar	None
işkencesi	Possession by 3.sg
tarafınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kaybolmaz	None
dönüşü	Possession by 3.sg
seçilmedik	None
şapkacıymışız	None
polisler	None
ablası	Possession by 3.sg
kazısında	Possession by 3.sg
ziyaretçinin	Possession by 2.sg
ördeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
mazotunuza	Possession by 2.pl
jölelerim	Possession by 3.pl
ülkesi	Possession by 3.sg
darılıyor	None
şemsiyenin	Possession by 2.sg
oynayacak	None
sağı	Possession by 3.sg
huzurun	Possession by 2.sg
ömrün	Possession by 2.sg
sayfalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
deposuna	Possession by 3.sg
ortağa	None
yağdı	None
bombasında	Possession by 3.sg
birleştiriyor	None
uyarısının	Possession by 3.sg
nutuklar	None
zulmün	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerinize	Possession by 2.pl
ayakkabıydı	None
çılgınları	None
sevgilisi	Possession by 3.sg
pandispanyalarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
bakirimizde	Possession by 1.pl
odasını	Possession by 3.sg
şivesini	Possession by 3.sg
palyaçolardım	None
hastasından	Possession by 3.sg
piskoposumda	Possession by 3.pl
yorumların	Possession by 2.sg
ayağımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
haritanızı	Possession by 2.pl
kazalarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
tadı	Possession by 3.sg
yazmanın	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencisinin	Possession by 3.sg
bastırmasına	Possession by 3.sg
odaklardan	None
mısırın	Possession by 2.sg
frenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
şeftalisi	Possession by 3.sg
salonlarda	None
ağası	Possession by 3.sg
kartpostallarda	None
ayaklarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
gösterir	None
topçusu	Possession by 3.sg
perisinin	Possession by 3.sg
kuyumcusu	Possession by 3.sg
mısraların	Possession by 2.sg
kıymetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kapamayı	None
taslağın	Possession by 2.sg
paylaşımın	Possession by 2.sg
jokeyi	Possession by 3.sg
radyolar	None
aşkımıza	Possession by 1.pl
aynasının	Possession by 3.sg
oyda	None
kuzunun	Possession by 2.sg
ketçabım	Possession by 3.pl
kilimin	Possession by 2.sg
sıvılardan	None
mistiği	Possession by 3.sg
günden	None
dildoların	Possession by 2.sg
cümlemde	Possession by 3.pl
kolası	Possession by 3.sg
futbolcumuz	Possession by 1.pl
haritalara	None
ördeğe	None
bacanağı	Possession by 3.sg
kapaklardan	None
yağışlar	None
bazların	Possession by 2.sg
ölüm	Possession by 3.pl
müşterisi	Possession by 3.sg
cimcime	None
tüyün	Possession by 2.sg
belirtmenin	None
fanusun	Possession by 2.sg
boyamam	None
mihrap	None
papaz	None
dizinden	Possession by 2.sg
eğitti	None
batısını	Possession by 3.sg
