öğretti	None
savaşlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
çırakların	Possession by 2.sg
alabalıklar	None
soğanların	Possession by 2.sg
gülüşü	Possession by 3.sg
öykülerdi	None
volkanı	Possession by 3.sg
bulamadık	None
sanıyorlardı	None
rehineyi	None
cephesini	Possession by 3.sg
deneylere	None
müşterinin	Possession by 2.sg
şarkıcısına	Possession by 3.sg
evladı	Possession by 3.sg
pamuğun	Possession by 2.sg
yolunuz	Possession by 2.pl
çarpım	Possession by 3.pl
bitmesi	Possession by 3.sg
kilisesine	Possession by 3.sg
kuzuymuş	None
dervişlere	None
rüyamda	Possession by 3.pl
önemsizliklerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
prototiplemesini	Possession by 3.sg
sebebiniz	Possession by 2.pl
beldesini	Possession by 3.sg
soğandan	None
savaşırlar	None
tenin	Possession by 2.sg
güdümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
pasif	None
destanı	Possession by 3.sg
sunumun	Possession by 3.pl
dizilere	None
yangınlar	None
basımda	Possession by 3.pl
tanesini	Possession by 3.sg
maçlara	None
sumağımdan	Possession by 3.pl
yönlere	None
okuyacaksınız	None
ettirmez	None
görüntüsü	Possession by 3.sg
aşığı	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmalarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
örneğiniz	Possession by 2.pl
samurunuz	Possession by 2.pl
dinsizliğin	Possession by 2.sg
sözcüğümüz	Possession by 1.pl
deliyim	None
fikirlerim	Possession by 3.pl
otocuya	None
makinasına	Possession by 3.sg
menüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
öyküm	Possession by 3.pl
külek	None
teorisine	Possession by 3.sg
kaçamağı	Possession by 3.sg
oldum	None
mobilyanın	Possession by 2.sg
oyların	Possession by 2.sg
falcısı	Possession by 3.sg
tekrarların	Possession by 2.sg
alevimi	Possession by 3.pl
ambulansınızı	Possession by 2.pl
aşıkmış	None
katın	Possession by 2.sg
dizdi	None
şarka	None
çökeltilerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
verimin	Possession by 3.pl
ürüne	None
osurmadık	None
tiyatronda	Possession by 2.sg
yazmam	Possession by 3.pl
ayından	Possession by 2.sg
gökkuşağını	None
tensör	None
kaçırdı	None
veterineri	Possession by 3.sg
sekmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
sözleşmede	None
yolumdan	Possession by 3.pl
filizinizin	Possession by 2.pl
mazotun	Possession by 2.sg
sindirir	None
varoşu	Possession by 3.sg
ablasına	Possession by 3.sg
kolonun	Possession by 2.sg
iyileştirmediniz	None
pozisyonun	Possession by 2.sg
ağıdı	Possession by 3.sg
tepkimesi	Possession by 3.sg
peçetene	Possession by 2.sg
bayın	Possession by 2.sg
kirletiyor	None
kısrağı	Possession by 3.sg
yönetimi	Possession by 3.sg
boksu	Possession by 3.sg
algoritmaların	Possession by 2.sg
tercihin	Possession by 2.sg
zamanların	Possession by 2.sg
moleküllerin	Possession by 2.sg
tükendim	None
klavyelerdi	None
mevkinde	Possession by 2.sg
nargilesi	Possession by 3.sg
hudutların	Possession by 2.sg
çifti	Possession by 3.sg
hareketlilikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
rakamların	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerim	Possession by 3.pl
gösterisinde	Possession by 3.sg
tayfasının	Possession by 3.sg
yanağınızı	Possession by 2.pl
yöremizin	Possession by 1.pl
cevaplar	None
hedeflerden	None
mühendisliği	None
kıyamette	None
barajın	Possession by 2.sg
karıncalara	None
küleklerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
ücretsizliklerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
camimiz	Possession by 1.pl
benzeri	Possession by 3.sg
örneğe	None
sürücünün	Possession by 2.sg
sivrisineğin	Possession by 2.sg
mayon	Possession by 2.sg
dergimde	Possession by 3.pl
ısısının	Possession by 3.sg
kapağı	Possession by 3.sg
mikroişlemcilerin	Possession by 2.sg
dürbünün	Possession by 2.sg
ısılara	None
oturdum	None
öksürüklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kutulardan	None
dövmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
gizemi	Possession by 3.sg
diriminize	Possession by 2.pl
memesi	Possession by 3.sg
bini	Possession by 3.sg
ortaklığı	Possession by 3.sg
ateşlerden	None
sayfamı	Possession by 3.pl
rehinelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
hecesinde	Possession by 3.sg
geldik	None
salamıma	Possession by 3.pl
cini	Possession by 3.sg
omurgamın	Possession by 3.pl
tabancanın	Possession by 2.sg
aşireti	Possession by 3.sg
öyküsüne	Possession by 3.sg
çilinize	Possession by 2.pl
ilişkisinde	Possession by 3.sg
çarpımda	Possession by 3.pl
kıyı	None
savaşçının	Possession by 2.sg
çilekler	None
eğitimime	Possession by 3.pl
durmazlar	None
Kopenhaglılarınız	Possession by 2.pl
domatesi	Possession by 3.sg
kıyafetin	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğrafçıların	Possession by 2.sg
sinagogum	Possession by 3.pl
artmıyorlar	None
zaferlerden	None
kanlılıklarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
günahımı	Possession by 3.pl
kıblesi	Possession by 3.sg
tundran	Possession by 2.sg
kemandan	None
kireci	Possession by 3.sg
karakterimizin	Possession by 1.pl
dirseklerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
dergilerde	None
akımdan	Possession by 3.pl
otellerden	None
yakutlara	None
viskisi	Possession by 3.sg
yapraklarıma	Possession by 3.pl
şokları	None
kışkırttı	None
başvuruların	Possession by 2.sg
yereceğim	None
gemisini	Possession by 3.sg
atılmayacak	None
verimde	Possession by 3.pl
fakültesinde	Possession by 3.sg
çavuşu	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmasını	Possession by 3.sg
sihirbazın	Possession by 2.sg
kararınızı	Possession by 2.pl
ışınımdan	Possession by 3.pl
hanımı	Possession by 3.sg
bataryanızda	Possession by 2.pl
katımı	Possession by 3.pl
anlatacağız	None
köylüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
nüfusun	None
asimptotlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
dilimlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
gazetesinin	Possession by 3.sg
parçalanmasının	Possession by 3.sg
minaresinde	Possession by 3.sg
gazetesinde	Possession by 3.sg
bakmama	Possession by 3.pl
rüyanda	Possession by 2.sg
kötüleşiyor	None
gereksinimin	Possession by 2.sg
çeşnisi	Possession by 3.sg
solucanı	Possession by 3.sg
gitarlara	None
bölgemizde	Possession by 1.pl
tasarımın	Possession by 2.sg
kondom	None
vaziyeti	Possession by 3.sg
çıkaracağım	None
kullanıcısından	Possession by 3.sg
mucizesi	Possession by 3.sg
ablaya	None
dizin	Possession by 2.sg
aygıtların	Possession by 2.sg
yağmuru	Possession by 3.sg
yetiştirdi	None
rakım	Possession by 3.pl
ejderhası	Possession by 3.sg
bölümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
süsmüyordun	None
yapmam	Possession by 3.pl
vişnesi	Possession by 3.sg
modanın	Possession by 2.sg
sendromun	Possession by 2.sg
davranışın	Possession by 2.sg
zibillermişim	None
ayısının	Possession by 3.sg
durdu	None
tecritlere	None
kalbinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kuğumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
kuzgunu	Possession by 3.sg
görüşlerden	None
geçmemiz	Possession by 1.pl
belirteçlere	None
önemliliğinizden	Possession by 2.pl
alanımızın	Possession by 1.pl
asteroidin	Possession by 2.sg
yoğurdumun	Possession by 3.pl
gerilerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
paylaşımlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
rüyalara	None
ayrana	None
iyileşecek	None
ürelerime	Possession by 3.pl
dövüşçüsü	Possession by 3.sg
dakikanızı	Possession by 2.pl
makaram	Possession by 3.pl
yorumumuz	Possession by 1.pl
cümleniz	Possession by 2.pl
gazete	None
yöresinden	Possession by 3.sg
bölgelerdir	None
derleyicinin	Possession by 2.sg
senaryosuna	Possession by 3.sg
hastasının	Possession by 3.sg
arayüzün	None
âlemde	None
yöremizde	Possession by 1.pl
topçusuna	Possession by 3.sg
sürülerin	Possession by 2.sg
elementlere	None
sonbaharı	Possession by 3.sg
plağa	None
sitesi	Possession by 3.sg
dönemimde	Possession by 3.pl
sürüme	Possession by 3.pl
üzdü	None
ölüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
portakallarımda	Possession by 3.pl
üyeliğin	Possession by 2.sg
elipslerin	Possession by 2.sg
isimi	Possession by 3.pl
ülkemizi	Possession by 1.pl
fakslara	None
musluklardan	None
kazaktan	None
kaleme	Possession by 3.pl
bozunumu	Possession by 3.sg
diyecekler	None
ehemmiyetliliklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
kümenin	Possession by 2.sg
salahiyet	None
masörünüzde	Possession by 2.pl
bilginiz	Possession by 2.pl
terapistin	Possession by 2.sg
gereksinimimizden	Possession by 1.pl
teknoloji	None
toplumumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
midyenin	Possession by 2.sg
gelmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
gayzerin	Possession by 2.sg
vakti	Possession by 3.sg
yeti	None
pipinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kozmonotlarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
gençliğim	Possession by 3.pl
uzunluğu	Possession by 3.sg
sürüyor	None
eki	Possession by 3.sg
bakması	Possession by 3.sg
fırçalarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
şatosundan	Possession by 3.sg
bitkisinden	Possession by 3.sg
iletmezler	None
tornavidasını	Possession by 3.sg
dalgalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
sanatlarda	None
kaşıyor	None
ülkenizi	Possession by 2.pl
parmakların	Possession by 2.sg
durağımıza	Possession by 1.pl
sosların	Possession by 2.sg
fırının	Possession by 2.sg
kırbaçlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
duyuyordunuz	None
ülkesinden	Possession by 3.sg
eğiliyor	None
pandeistlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
görüşümüz	Possession by 1.pl
umuru	Possession by 3.sg
üyeliğimin	Possession by 3.pl
asana	Possession by 2.sg
hastaların	Possession by 2.sg
ulusumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
listenizden	Possession by 2.pl
sunulmazlar	None
köpürtüyorsun	None
hipotalamusta	None
kağıdı	Possession by 3.sg
asidin	Possession by 2.sg
dayamadım	None
tasarrufların	Possession by 2.sg
eylemlere	None
yağları	None
ekranlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
yeterlikte	None
uydunun	Possession by 2.sg
yazmasından	Possession by 3.sg
havuzlara	None
durumuma	Possession by 3.pl
göbeğin	Possession by 2.sg
yaratmasına	Possession by 3.sg
iblisin	Possession by 2.sg
finişi	Possession by 3.sg
duymamama	Possession by 3.pl
gönlümde	Possession by 3.pl
kapasitesinde	Possession by 3.sg
içkide	None
pedlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
bükmemesinin	Possession by 3.sg
giysisini	Possession by 3.sg
okullarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
canlandırmasından	Possession by 3.sg
kavramı	Possession by 3.sg
kovboyların	Possession by 2.sg
fırından	None
yardımcısına	Possession by 3.sg
ortasından	Possession by 3.sg
duvarı	Possession by 3.sg
gererler	None
kokusu	Possession by 3.sg
yönetimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
burktuk	None
örneklere	None
gölgenin	Possession by 2.sg
adınızın	Possession by 2.pl
ayırıyorsun	None
yolcuların	Possession by 2.sg
güldük	None
bölgelerde	None
vezirin	Possession by 2.sg
radyo	None
kuğulardan	None
tercihi	Possession by 3.sg
şirketlerin	Possession by 2.sg
eklerdir	None
kurtçukların	Possession by 2.sg
ramazanlar	None
yuvamı	Possession by 3.pl
aramayacaksın	None
ustaların	Possession by 2.sg
hurisini	Possession by 3.sg
okiyalarmışsın	None
cihazın	Possession by 2.sg
plağı	Possession by 3.sg
çekmecelerden	None
güçlüğü	Possession by 3.sg
uyuşturucumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
dizim	Possession by 3.pl
papaların	Possession by 2.sg
göğsüm	Possession by 3.pl
kovalar	None
periymiş	None
rüyasında	Possession by 3.sg
kuşum	Possession by 3.pl
hayırseverlerin	Possession by 2.sg
çarpıma	Possession by 3.pl
penalara	None
sonunuz	Possession by 2.pl
konuların	Possession by 2.sg
böğürtleni	Possession by 3.sg
sincapların	Possession by 2.sg
savaşçısının	Possession by 3.sg
ağaçkakanların	Possession by 2.sg
kılavuzlar	None
voleybolcuların	Possession by 2.sg
duraklar	None
tasarıma	None
mayosu	Possession by 3.sg
yemişi	Possession by 3.sg
mevki	None
grup	None
marangozu	Possession by 3.sg
dudaklarım	Possession by 3.pl
iğnenin	Possession by 2.sg
yabancısı	Possession by 3.sg
kolyem	Possession by 3.pl
yapıyoruz	None
unlardan	None
örtüydük	None
dağıtımın	Possession by 2.sg
aynası	Possession by 3.sg
sayfayı	None
öyküsünün	Possession by 3.sg
cenazesine	Possession by 3.sg
iti	Possession by 3.sg
dersimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yörüngelerin	Possession by 2.sg
canlandırtılırız	None
geçmiyorum	None
filmim	Possession by 3.pl
olayınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
dezenfektanların	Possession by 2.sg
müzikallerden	None
yayalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
müzikallerin	Possession by 2.sg
üyeliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kapasitelerin	Possession by 2.sg
gazeteye	None
gemini	Possession by 2.sg
kaşelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
enjeksiyonlar	None
desenin	Possession by 2.sg
vurgusunun	Possession by 3.sg
tanıştım	None
baytarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
karakterlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
çiplerin	Possession by 2.sg
bacasından	Possession by 3.sg
balinandan	Possession by 2.sg
makinasında	Possession by 3.sg
kazısına	Possession by 3.sg
dağınık	None
menüm	Possession by 3.pl
çekirdeğinizde	Possession by 2.pl
mevkiye	None
masasında	Possession by 3.sg
çarşısı	Possession by 3.sg
öğretmenin	Possession by 2.sg
önerisi	Possession by 3.sg
tandırı	Possession by 3.sg
hukukları	None
sürümden	Possession by 3.pl
kanlılığı	Possession by 3.sg
kurulumda	Possession by 3.pl
dörtgenler	None
leyleğimizden	Possession by 1.pl
baltalarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
uzaylılardan	None
tozum	Possession by 3.pl
zürafalarda	None
birleşir	None
bağın	Possession by 2.sg
kızacak	None
hançerin	Possession by 2.sg
palmiyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
bacım	Possession by 3.pl
bürokrattan	None
kesesinden	Possession by 3.sg
sahibin	Possession by 2.sg
bilyesinin	Possession by 3.sg
patatesin	Possession by 2.sg
fırçasından	Possession by 3.sg
yordamı	Possession by 3.sg
mayonezlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
verisine	Possession by 3.sg
egoizmler	None
gelişir	None
kurbanların	None
acemilere	None
baldızmışlar	None
haritasının	Possession by 3.sg
asama	Possession by 3.pl
küveti	Possession by 3.sg
yolculukların	Possession by 2.sg
müdürümüz	Possession by 1.pl
gençlikte	None
yeleklerin	Possession by 2.sg
şirketiniz	Possession by 2.pl
kasımın	Possession by 3.pl
kolonlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
maymunumda	Possession by 3.pl
kimliği	Possession by 3.sg
öznesi	Possession by 3.sg
masasına	Possession by 3.sg
helvanın	Possession by 2.sg
dövmesine	Possession by 3.sg
sempozyumumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
duvarların	Possession by 2.sg
gerin	Possession by 2.sg
yankısı	Possession by 3.sg
kuşun	Possession by 2.sg
yangınların	Possession by 2.sg
giderler	None
kapılardan	None
koydun	None
çiftliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
yırttı	None
topçunun	Possession by 2.sg
sayfanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
yaralanması	Possession by 3.sg
rehinenin	Possession by 2.sg
mutfağı	Possession by 3.sg
paşam	Possession by 3.pl
köylüye	None
bıktın	None
davranışınızda	Possession by 2.pl
fizikçinizin	Possession by 2.pl
kılıyor	None
şüpheydin	None
sağlayıcının	Possession by 2.sg
pamuklarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
fortlıyorlar	None
ayakların	Possession by 2.sg
mayasından	Possession by 3.sg
davranıyor	None
diyecek	None
ömrümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
kitabesinin	Possession by 3.sg
kafatasında	None
sürüsünden	Possession by 3.sg
mustatillere	None
severiz	None
idaresinde	Possession by 3.sg
yasası	Possession by 3.sg
çözeltinin	Possession by 2.sg
dinletini	Possession by 2.sg
beldelerin	Possession by 2.sg
sorusundan	Possession by 3.sg
kuşlara	None
kartpostalların	Possession by 2.sg
okulun	Possession by 2.sg
yaklaştılar	None
basketbolcunun	Possession by 2.sg
taşmıyorlar	None
palikaryalarmışsınız	None
fillerin	Possession by 2.sg
gökdelenden	None
önüme	Possession by 3.pl
sayfasının	Possession by 3.sg
dalgıçların	Possession by 2.sg
mühendisi	Possession by 3.sg
kelimesi	Possession by 3.sg
kelebek	None
güreşçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
katılırız	None
yoldurtmadınız	None
durumumuz	Possession by 1.pl
firavunların	Possession by 2.sg
tutmuyorlar	None
kumandanı	Possession by 2.sg
idaresinden	Possession by 3.sg
içeceklerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
külfetimden	Possession by 3.pl
temsilcisinde	Possession by 3.sg
nedenin	Possession by 2.sg
nişanlısını	Possession by 3.sg
kuğulardır	None
örtünün	Possession by 2.sg
cinsiyetten	None
ağlamadı	None
koleksiyonlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
masalı	Possession by 3.sg
yağmurun	Possession by 2.sg
hafriyatların	None
yanardağlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
koruyucusu	Possession by 3.sg
dizelerimi	Possession by 3.pl
dublörü	Possession by 3.sg
vadelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
izleyicinde	Possession by 2.sg
çalışmam	Possession by 3.pl
iğnem	Possession by 3.pl
canlanıyor	None
dönüşümden	Possession by 3.pl
müzeler	None
tabutlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
fırtınaların	Possession by 2.sg
üyeyi	None
gereksinimi	Possession by 3.sg
silahım	Possession by 3.pl
duyu	Possession by 3.sg
şivesine	Possession by 3.sg
iskender	None
alındırmıyordu	None
ayırıyoruz	None
hataların	Possession by 2.sg
temsilcimiz	Possession by 1.pl
ilklendirmende	Possession by 2.sg
doktrin	None
betiğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
mancınık	None
mantığı	Possession by 3.sg
çalışıyor	None
ümitliymiş	None
bükülmelerinize	Possession by 2.pl
yirmigen	None
burnumda	Possession by 3.pl
anüsü	Possession by 3.sg
susmuyordun	None
diremediniz	None
fizyolojinin	None
iblislerin	Possession by 2.sg
belirteç	None
videosuna	Possession by 3.sg
sarımsağın	Possession by 2.sg
yörüngesi	Possession by 3.sg
sıfatın	Possession by 2.sg
harita	None
eğiyordunuz	None
aileyi	None
kuşların	Possession by 2.sg
balıkçıların	Possession by 2.sg
intiharı	Possession by 3.sg
korseyi	None
müşterisine	Possession by 3.sg
sağlayıcısı	Possession by 3.sg
görüşünüze	Possession by 2.pl
toplumunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
delisi	Possession by 3.sg
dondurmasının	Possession by 3.sg
bitmiyor	None
leşlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
yazmadık	None
çileğin	Possession by 2.sg
delirir	None
üyesinin	Possession by 3.sg
bilemedi	None
tütüne	Possession by 2.sg
mayanı	Possession by 2.sg
vedası	Possession by 3.sg
dileğim	Possession by 3.pl
sosislersin	None
kasığımda	Possession by 3.pl
kolanın	Possession by 2.sg
kullanacağız	None
bazaltlar	None
kardeşlikten	None
bardak	None
basketbolcular	None
fizikçisi	Possession by 3.sg
ayağı	Possession by 3.sg
dikişi	Possession by 3.sg
Nusayrîleri	None
ustan	Possession by 2.sg
kaldırımlar	None
yapmamız	Possession by 1.pl
keşfetiyorduk	None
iyileşmedi	None
acemiyim	None
kâğıdı	Possession by 3.sg
tıkar	None
sunağın	Possession by 2.sg
övgünün	Possession by 2.sg
iletiyor	None
deneyime	Possession by 3.pl
yavrunun	Possession by 2.sg
aktörlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yumurtanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kaltak	None
tavuğu	Possession by 3.sg
verdirtmeyeceksiniz	None
ağam	Possession by 3.pl
karakollara	None
gitmeler	None
korum	Possession by 3.pl
yorumlara	None
radyosu	Possession by 3.sg
hecelerin	Possession by 2.sg
hastanelerin	Possession by 2.sg
mermi	None
işkenceye	None
sapanlarda	None
baykuşun	Possession by 2.sg
Lefkoşalım	Possession by 3.pl
enjektörün	Possession by 2.sg
yazmamız	Possession by 1.pl
koleksiyonlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
kocanın	Possession by 2.sg
amacımızı	Possession by 1.pl
dergisi	Possession by 3.sg
meşalesini	Possession by 3.sg
verin	Possession by 2.sg
meydan	None
misafiri	Possession by 3.sg
hindiler	None
parçada	None
gizliyoruz	None
oğlancının	Possession by 2.sg
satrancın	Possession by 2.sg
ülkemi	Possession by 3.pl
doktrinin	Possession by 2.sg
karısı	Possession by 3.sg
dileklerimi	Possession by 3.pl
ayarlanıyor	None
uzaklarda	None
çiviyi	Possession by 3.sg
farenin	Possession by 2.sg
yönlerin	Possession by 2.sg
adımızı	Possession by 1.pl
porta	None
düzenlenebilirliğinizin	Possession by 2.pl
harften	None
öğüteceğiz	None
milyarderin	Possession by 2.sg
tavernandan	Possession by 2.sg
davranışlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
çağanozunuza	Possession by 2.pl
çevrelerden	None
öğrendik	None
sebebin	Possession by 2.sg
yaprağı	Possession by 3.sg
kahramanım	Possession by 3.pl
vaziyetimizden	Possession by 1.pl
doğrular	None
kapasitesinin	Possession by 3.sg
kocası	Possession by 3.sg
balığı	Possession by 3.sg
başkentlerin	Possession by 2.sg
üremem	None
öğrencisinden	Possession by 3.sg
hacılıkta	None
çökeltilerin	Possession by 2.sg
sevkiyatın	Possession by 2.sg
lezbiyenlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
çorbasının	Possession by 3.sg
sıralamalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
peride	None
uydusunu	Possession by 3.sg
eşantiyonumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
baygnlığınız	Possession by 2.pl
yavrusunu	Possession by 3.sg
yetkimiz	Possession by 1.pl
ekim	Possession by 3.pl
kullanıcına	Possession by 2.sg
bloglar	None
kokusundan	Possession by 3.sg
lastiklerde	None
bilgileriniz	Possession by 2.pl
kazandan	Possession by 2.sg
kenarın	Possession by 2.sg
buzullarız	None
böceğim	Possession by 3.pl
amatörü	Possession by 3.sg
roketten	None
taksisi	Possession by 3.sg
hamsteri	Possession by 3.sg
bas	None
altdilim	Possession by 3.pl
kartalınıza	Possession by 2.pl
bütün	None
gönlümüzü	Possession by 1.pl
üreticisinin	Possession by 3.sg
çeyreği	None
düğünlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
sözcük	None
bilgisini	Possession by 3.sg
yerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
satışların	Possession by 2.sg
hecesini	Possession by 3.sg
diyordu	None
havucun	Possession by 2.sg
deviniminizin	Possession by 2.pl
mayolar	None
delilerim	Possession by 3.pl
sargısı	Possession by 3.sg
maşanın	Possession by 2.sg
veriniz	Possession by 2.pl
modasını	Possession by 3.sg
aslın	Possession by 2.sg
senaryosunda	Possession by 3.sg
soyarlar	None
ablalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
robota	None
sanıyor	None
homurtularımızda	Possession by 1.pl
şafağı	Possession by 3.sg
insanlığın	None
protestonun	Possession by 2.sg
şamarlayacağım	None
kurbağanın	Possession by 2.sg
adamın	Possession by 2.sg
kopacak	None
kımızlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
televizyonu	Possession by 3.sg
bacası	Possession by 3.sg
aksanı	Possession by 3.sg
ineğe	None
gösterisi	Possession by 3.sg
yeleği	Possession by 3.sg
fikrimi	Possession by 3.pl
yayacak	None
şüphenin	Possession by 2.sg
korlar	None
kolaylıklarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kamçısı	Possession by 3.sg
yakasını	Possession by 3.sg
günlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
şaşmıyordum	None
gırtlağı	Possession by 3.sg
sepete	None
yeri	Possession by 3.sg
nedendi	None
Yahudinin	Possession by 2.sg
nefretin	Possession by 2.sg
piyanonun	Possession by 2.sg
babalısına	Possession by 3.sg
entrikaların	Possession by 2.sg
sıralamasında	Possession by 3.sg
hızınızın	Possession by 2.pl
anketin	Possession by 2.sg
konseyi	Possession by 3.sg
sisteminizi	Possession by 2.pl
yarağımın	Possession by 3.pl
soyuyorlardı	None
bülbülün	Possession by 2.sg
yönetimlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
helvasının	Possession by 3.sg
anafazlarda	None
kulağım	Possession by 3.pl
türünden	Possession by 2.sg
rakısının	Possession by 3.sg
kaldırımın	Possession by 2.sg
değiştirmeyecekler	None
sunucusunda	Possession by 3.sg
otelden	None
alıcımın	Possession by 3.pl
ünün	Possession by 2.sg
balinalar	None
övgülerin	Possession by 2.sg
imamı	Possession by 3.sg
meleğe	None
futbolcunun	Possession by 2.sg
nefrete	None
patenlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
şivenizde	Possession by 2.pl
rubaimi	Possession by 3.pl
borcum	Possession by 3.pl
kimliğe	None
saksılarda	None
gelmesini	Possession by 3.sg
havucumu	Possession by 3.pl
uyuşturucunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
saçı	Possession by 3.sg
süspansuvarlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
kuzum	Possession by 3.pl
kesen	Possession by 2.sg
edebiyatı	Possession by 3.sg
kalemden	Possession by 3.pl
istemcisi	Possession by 3.sg
mağarasına	Possession by 3.sg
önerisinde	Possession by 3.sg
şehirlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
albümü	Possession by 3.sg
tükenecek	None
patlamaya	None
kahvesinde	Possession by 3.sg
porsuğun	Possession by 2.sg
ağanın	Possession by 2.sg
yorumlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
alanımız	Possession by 1.pl
piyanosu	Possession by 3.sg
bakıcının	Possession by 2.sg
mamanızda	Possession by 2.pl
sargın	Possession by 2.sg
ini	Possession by 3.sg
topluluğumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
mayolarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
kurudu	None
havranın	Possession by 2.sg
Musevilerdiniz	None
raporların	Possession by 2.sg
mühendisin	Possession by 2.sg
tayfamızı	Possession by 1.pl
bombası	Possession by 3.sg
kolonyan	Possession by 2.sg
bakmanın	Possession by 2.sg
kozada	None
inandım	None
kahramanlarmış	None
etten	None
tümcede	None
öğretmenim	Possession by 3.pl
göğüsler	None
ikizlere	None
hamızımı	Possession by 3.pl
kedisine	Possession by 3.sg
çözeltisi	Possession by 3.sg
yakamdan	Possession by 3.pl
konferansın	Possession by 2.sg
uzayı	Possession by 3.sg
porsuğu	Possession by 3.sg
atılmadı	None
kefalı	Possession by 3.sg
tümcelerin	Possession by 2.sg
penislerim	Possession by 3.pl
bulunmadım	None
yorumunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
sivilceyiz	None
frekansın	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşimizin	Possession by 1.pl
tatlısını	Possession by 3.sg
bitişinize	Possession by 2.pl
hatalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
çubuğun	Possession by 2.sg
eğlencesi	Possession by 3.sg
sarmaşıkların	Possession by 2.sg
gülüşün	Possession by 2.sg
kitapçıklar	None
dizenin	Possession by 2.sg
dervişlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
milyarderi	Possession by 3.sg
duyması	Possession by 3.sg
şirketim	Possession by 3.pl
oyuma	Possession by 3.pl
öldürttüler	None
kertenkeleye	None
değişkeni	Possession by 3.sg
algoritmasında	Possession by 3.sg
saçların	Possession by 2.sg
kloroplastlarda	None
meyhanesi	Possession by 3.sg
kullanılıyordu	None
yolumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
doktorunuza	Possession by 2.pl
kartallarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
derisini	Possession by 3.sg
geçmesi	Possession by 3.sg
kolamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
koordinatı	Possession by 3.sg
öküzlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
hücresinden	Possession by 3.sg
günlüğü	Possession by 3.sg
röntgenin	Possession by 2.sg
içermeyecek	None
dakikasının	Possession by 3.sg
elçisine	Possession by 3.sg
hemşirelerin	Possession by 2.sg
okudular	None
oyuncaklar	None
Lefkoşalısından	Possession by 3.sg
akvaryumdan	None
davranışımı	Possession by 3.pl
kılıçtan	None
sitesini	Possession by 3.sg
buzulların	Possession by 2.sg
kaderimin	Possession by 3.pl
engizisyonda	None
konseylerin	Possession by 2.sg
dedikodusu	Possession by 3.sg
âlemlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ritme	None
süründürmez	None
durumumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
sancaktan	None
tutkusundan	Possession by 3.sg
ongunculukların	Possession by 2.sg
yazıtı	Possession by 3.sg
edat	None
ayakkabıyı	None
huri	None
albümümde	Possession by 3.pl
salar	None
menülerin	Possession by 2.sg
konseylerim	Possession by 3.pl
faresinin	Possession by 3.sg
takımdan	Possession by 3.pl
seçmem	Possession by 3.pl
duymasına	Possession by 3.sg
ekşiyeceğiz	None
değiştirmeyecek	None
uçağı	Possession by 3.sg
takım	Possession by 3.pl
doldu	None
oltası	Possession by 3.sg
iğnesi	Possession by 3.sg
dağı	Possession by 3.sg
fotoğrafların	Possession by 2.sg
sitenizin	Possession by 2.pl
parçalanmanın	Possession by 2.sg
girdabı	Possession by 3.sg
sahnesine	Possession by 3.sg
gergedanları	None
gözlemen	Possession by 2.sg
göğsü	Possession by 3.sg
intikamı	Possession by 3.sg
referans	None
özlemin	Possession by 2.sg
ikize	None
pastasının	Possession by 3.sg
mağarayı	None
mağarasında	Possession by 3.sg
öznenin	Possession by 2.sg
göle	None
medresesini	Possession by 3.sg
kalesine	Possession by 3.sg
davranışlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
mevkini	Possession by 2.sg
parmağın	Possession by 2.sg
bakıyordum	None
satrancı	Possession by 3.sg
oyunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
mucizelerin	Possession by 2.sg
hazırdılar	None
öğretmene	None
ürünlerin	Possession by 2.sg
çadırlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
kerevizi	Possession by 3.sg
aktristiler	None
birleşmiyor	None
prenslerden	None
embriyoların	Possession by 2.sg
yanıtlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
hatalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
topolojisinde	Possession by 3.sg
örneği	Possession by 3.sg
uymayacak	None
medresede	None
zeytinyağında	None
olmuyordun	None
işçiler	None
yapışmandan	Possession by 2.sg
kameranın	Possession by 2.sg
başkanımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kelekleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
oğulların	Possession by 2.sg
kahramanımızın	Possession by 1.pl
yedeği	Possession by 3.sg
coşkun	Possession by 2.sg
fulyasına	Possession by 3.sg
ayakkabınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
çatlakların	None
fizikçiydi	None
tabutların	Possession by 2.sg
fetvayı	None
darılıyordun	None
pastalarımın	Possession by 3.pl
trenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yolcusunun	Possession by 3.sg
babalılarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
dişin	Possession by 2.sg
kulağımıza	Possession by 1.pl
diyorum	None
kaybolurlar	None
birleşmesini	Possession by 3.sg
madenin	Possession by 2.sg
yarımadanın	Possession by 2.sg
üçlüler	None
kuvvetin	Possession by 2.sg
hastanesinin	Possession by 3.sg
makinemin	Possession by 3.pl
karnesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kütüklerin	Possession by 2.sg
batının	Possession by 2.sg
kirmenlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
üyeliğimi	Possession by 3.pl
batısı	Possession by 3.sg
dışkısını	Possession by 3.sg
sakalın	Possession by 2.sg
paylaştırma	None
sunuların	Possession by 2.sg
sözcülüğü	Possession by 3.sg
alevin	Possession by 2.sg
yanıtın	Possession by 2.sg
birleşmeler	None
dolabı	Possession by 3.sg
çekirdeklerden	None
deneyimlerime	Possession by 3.pl
kolonlara	None
ulus	None
yüzüncülerdik	None
akşamı	Possession by 3.sg
tundramızı	Possession by 1.pl
ömrümde	Possession by 3.pl
ölümden	Possession by 3.pl
hızımı	Possession by 3.pl
kedisini	Possession by 3.sg
tepkimesinin	Possession by 3.sg
reaktörün	Possession by 2.sg
geçmişimizi	Possession by 1.pl
piyanomuza	Possession by 1.pl
canlandırılıyordun	None
büyükelçinin	None
uzaklarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
yerleşmez	None
zırtgellerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kımızı	Possession by 3.sg
manasını	Possession by 3.sg
bankasında	Possession by 3.sg
sayfalarım	Possession by 3.pl
Tiranlılarmışsın	None
sürümde	Possession by 3.pl
seçilmiyor	None
oynatıcısı	Possession by 3.sg
öğretmenimiz	Possession by 1.pl
taşıdım	None
yazmasına	Possession by 3.sg
doğusunda	Possession by 3.sg
zigguratın	Possession by 2.sg
parıltılara	None
yalancılıklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
yaralanmalardan	None
avların	Possession by 2.sg
kedinin	Possession by 2.sg
çırağı	Possession by 3.sg
boşandılar	None
konferansımız	Possession by 1.pl
filozofumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
papatyam	Possession by 3.pl
otomobillermişiz	None
kuku	None
dinozorlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
parmaklarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
maçlar	None
ulusu	Possession by 3.sg
ulusumuz	Possession by 1.pl
beklemeyecek	None
yordamlar	None
eşeğin	Possession by 2.sg
seçecek	None
gecemi	Possession by 3.pl
vurdular	None
oğullarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
yapmıyorsun	None
fakültesinin	Possession by 3.sg
cenazesi	Possession by 3.sg
cümlesinden	Possession by 3.sg
acısının	Possession by 3.sg
kullanmadılar	None
aldırır	None
içiyorlar	None
uğratmayacak	None
saksoculardım	None
konun	Possession by 2.sg
idealin	Possession by 2.sg
asasını	Possession by 3.sg
bacasına	Possession by 3.sg
portakalların	Possession by 2.sg
ombudsmanı	Possession by 3.sg
heyetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
akbabasını	Possession by 3.sg
idaresinin	Possession by 3.sg
verimsizleştirdiniz	None
çetesini	Possession by 3.sg
ablasının	Possession by 3.sg
ayağın	Possession by 2.sg
müzikalin	Possession by 2.sg
deyimin	Possession by 2.sg
penisilini	Possession by 3.sg
kraliçelerin	None
üçlüde	None
haberlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
gitarların	Possession by 2.sg
yasada	None
noktaların	Possession by 2.sg
sürgünler	None
köylümden	Possession by 3.pl
selamı	None
yetkisi	Possession by 3.sg
uyarının	Possession by 2.sg
vurgusunu	Possession by 3.sg
çevirimimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kuğunun	Possession by 2.sg
gölgen	Possession by 2.sg
eşeği	Possession by 3.sg
gübrelerin	Possession by 2.sg
afiyetinizi	Possession by 2.pl
çocukluğun	None
tasarımlara	None
etkilerin	None
altı	Possession by 3.sg
alanınızda	Possession by 2.pl
çalacaksın	None
yanardağların	Possession by 2.sg
hukukun	None
müellifi	Possession by 3.sg
aynasından	Possession by 3.sg
torunlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
över	None
ağlarsın	None
ilacı	Possession by 3.sg
gelmesine	Possession by 3.sg
eksiklikten	None
vakitler	None
ayısı	Possession by 3.sg
teoriden	None
dergisine	Possession by 3.sg
tarafın	Possession by 2.sg
pilavı	Possession by 3.sg
akısı	Possession by 3.sg
helvamın	Possession by 3.pl
kuyusundan	Possession by 3.sg
noktasına	Possession by 3.sg
alacaklar	None
sapanın	Possession by 2.sg
pimi	Possession by 3.sg
ağın	Possession by 2.sg
yağışımızı	Possession by 1.pl
bahçıvanı	Possession by 3.sg
sinagoglardan	None
bankınıza	Possession by 2.pl
odacıymışsınız	None
yerin	Possession by 2.sg
çığırtkanlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
akrabanın	Possession by 2.sg
parçasının	Possession by 3.sg
durumlardan	None
sayfalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
yumurtalıkların	Possession by 2.sg
perim	Possession by 3.pl
torunların	Possession by 2.sg
arıyorum	None
gitmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
lunaparklarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
yönelme	None
öbeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
horladım	None
kayıtlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
DVDleri	None
kullanımların	Possession by 2.sg
geyinizde	Possession by 2.pl
pasta	None
katılmıyorsunuz	None
donmanıza	Possession by 2.pl
gelmeme	Possession by 3.pl
başvurumun	Possession by 3.pl
yavrusu	Possession by 3.sg
psikoterapinin	Possession by 2.sg
gölgesinde	Possession by 3.sg
yazanaklarımda	Possession by 3.pl
aldatmıyorduk	None
otellerin	Possession by 2.sg
tanrısı	Possession by 3.sg
dağların	Possession by 2.sg
tartarım	None
yayan	Possession by 2.sg
sürüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
dondurmalar	None
sitemde	Possession by 3.pl
tiplerde	None
katara	None
verilerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
siğillerin	Possession by 2.sg
süpürdü	None
metresi	Possession by 3.sg
düğünlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tekfurların	Possession by 2.sg
umman	None
ayinlere	None
çapası	Possession by 3.sg
konunu	Possession by 2.sg
kuşkonmazı	Possession by 3.sg
haçın	Possession by 2.sg
mumyanın	Possession by 2.sg
sinecek	None
ejderhalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
çizgisi	Possession by 3.sg
konmadı	None
rüyasının	Possession by 3.sg
tutkunu	Possession by 2.sg
uydusunda	Possession by 3.sg
penisilin	None
çıtı	Possession by 3.sg
defterlerin	Possession by 2.sg
gösterimde	Possession by 3.pl
girdapların	Possession by 2.sg
jokeylerin	Possession by 2.sg
yuvasında	Possession by 3.sg
bedevinizden	Possession by 2.pl
dururuz	None
kalkmaz	None
portun	Possession by 2.sg
göğüslerin	Possession by 2.sg
pipilerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
platformun	Possession by 2.sg
bağırsağın	Possession by 2.sg
günlerin	Possession by 2.sg
canlandırmasını	Possession by 3.sg
bacaklarda	None
cihazların	Possession by 2.sg
taslağı	Possession by 3.sg
kalamarımın	Possession by 3.pl
iskeletleri	None
bilginin	Possession by 2.sg
uyarısını	Possession by 3.sg
keşfettim	None
katlara	None
nazeninleri	None
buluşuruz	None
solucanlara	None
sarmaşığınızı	Possession by 2.pl
susmuyordular	None
cevizlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yorumunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
yumurtaların	Possession by 2.sg
gecesine	Possession by 3.sg
ustasından	Possession by 3.sg
bitişte	None
almaz	None
aşın	Possession by 2.sg
nete	None
kaplanda	None
çiçeyi	None
canlandırmanın	Possession by 2.sg
sagan	Possession by 2.sg
şahların	Possession by 2.sg
hastanesini	Possession by 3.sg
deriden	None
âmâlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
mikrobu	Possession by 3.sg
derecesi	Possession by 3.sg
cehennemler	None
yapmadılar	None
ulamın	Possession by 2.sg
sansarı	Possession by 3.sg
İngilizceleştirmezsin	None
salonumuz	Possession by 1.pl
pehlivanı	Possession by 3.sg
sürgünü	Possession by 3.sg
fırtınasını	Possession by 3.sg
ejderhaların	Possession by 2.sg
palikaryanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kuyusunda	Possession by 3.sg
yöremiz	Possession by 1.pl
üreticilerden	None
pederi	Possession by 3.sg
cümlelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kıyıma	Possession by 3.pl
yastığı	Possession by 3.sg
sözcüğü	Possession by 3.sg
yoğurtçu	None
taklidi	Possession by 3.sg
seçmenize	Possession by 2.pl
gırtlağa	None
yazman	Possession by 2.sg
askerin	Possession by 2.sg
şatosunun	Possession by 3.sg
ongunu	Possession by 3.sg
bitiş	None
çökeleğimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kurbağası	Possession by 3.sg
bahçesini	Possession by 3.sg
zeytinyağının	None
oynatıcılarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
gelişiyordu	None
minaremizin	Possession by 1.pl
fişeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
yuvasının	Possession by 3.sg
görüşünüzü	Possession by 2.pl
mısrası	Possession by 3.sg
koleksiyonların	Possession by 2.sg
tiyatrosu	Possession by 3.sg
kılkapanımıza	Possession by 1.pl
kahvenin	Possession by 2.sg
kocayı	None
sözleşmesi	Possession by 3.sg
kasapların	Possession by 2.sg
ünde	None
vapurlar	None
ömrümüz	Possession by 1.pl
bacısında	Possession by 3.sg
kuzuydu	None
sayfalarımı	Possession by 3.pl
tabelalarda	None
kimliğin	Possession by 2.sg
tecrübelerimden	Possession by 3.pl
sikiştin	None
havramızı	Possession by 1.pl
dışımızda	Possession by 1.pl
balkanların	Possession by 2.sg
namazı	Possession by 3.sg
bilgilerimize	Possession by 1.pl
yumurtaya	None
maskesini	Possession by 3.sg
çarpımın	Possession by 3.pl
ebenin	Possession by 2.sg
sayfama	Possession by 3.pl
ilişkinin	Possession by 2.sg
kitapçık	None
konferansların	Possession by 2.sg
lezyonu	Possession by 3.sg
yapmanız	Possession by 2.pl
bülbüllerim	Possession by 3.pl
tatlılar	None
tahtların	Possession by 2.sg
deneyiminiz	Possession by 2.pl
sessizliği	Possession by 3.sg
çöpçatanımıza	Possession by 1.pl
frekansların	Possession by 2.sg
sürtüğün	Possession by 2.sg
örneklerin	Possession by 2.sg
savunur	None
yapbozunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
sağlarım	Possession by 3.pl
teklifinize	Possession by 2.pl
meşenin	Possession by 2.sg
yedirtiyorsun	None
lordu	Possession by 3.sg
fişeği	Possession by 3.sg
pencere	None
dergilerin	Possession by 2.sg
varoşların	Possession by 2.sg
şeyim	Possession by 3.pl
lordun	Possession by 2.sg
çamura	None
prostata	None
gitmeniz	Possession by 2.pl
piskoposunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
erneklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
jokeyime	Possession by 3.pl
bozdular	None
sunuma	Possession by 3.pl
temsilciliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
fakirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
dişlisine	Possession by 3.sg
ütünde	Possession by 2.sg
müzikallerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
teklifim	Possession by 3.pl
memesini	Possession by 3.sg
çırağın	Possession by 2.sg
örneklerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
gelmediniz	None
sözlüğünüzün	Possession by 2.pl
şampiyonluğu	Possession by 3.sg
örtüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
leşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
hazcılığı	Possession by 3.sg
meyhanenin	Possession by 2.sg
doğum	Possession by 3.pl
çalgıcıların	Possession by 2.sg
baytarlardınız	None
papirüslerin	Possession by 2.sg
şampiyonluklardan	None
kromozomu	Possession by 3.sg
nargilelerinize	Possession by 2.pl
eşcinselim	Possession by 3.pl
bankaların	Possession by 2.sg
ölülerimden	Possession by 3.pl
tozun	Possession by 2.sg
alındırmıyordun	None
mallarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
işçisi	Possession by 3.sg
oltanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kaldıracı	Possession by 3.sg
bazı	Possession by 3.sg
mobilyaların	Possession by 2.sg
maskarasında	Possession by 3.sg
sahifesinde	Possession by 3.sg
haçların	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşimin	Possession by 3.pl
tende	None
alan	None
kararın	Possession by 2.sg
dublörler	None
temsilcisini	Possession by 3.sg
birliklerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kavramların	Possession by 2.sg
Müslümanlardan	None
noktasında	Possession by 3.sg
duymamız	Possession by 1.pl
akından	Possession by 2.sg
eriyiği	Possession by 3.sg
yaramıyor	None
pelikanların	Possession by 2.sg
kataloğu	Possession by 3.sg
minarenin	Possession by 2.sg
durumların	Possession by 2.sg
ütüydüm	None
geometrilerin	None
şüpheyi	None
tanıyorum	None
basmazsın	None
mancınıklar	None
tamlayan	None
sevgilisinin	Possession by 3.sg
edebiyatımız	Possession by 1.pl
bağı	Possession by 3.sg
sıralamada	None
yalanım	Possession by 3.pl
kategorinden	Possession by 2.sg
sancakları	None
kedisinde	Possession by 3.sg
yarasına	Possession by 3.sg
kıyımın	Possession by 3.pl
çevirimimde	Possession by 3.pl
astronotlarda	None
öldürüyorlar	None
anların	Possession by 2.sg
rüyasına	Possession by 3.sg
fakültemiz	Possession by 1.pl
dışı	Possession by 3.sg
prezervatifin	Possession by 2.sg
yaklaşmaz	None
günümüze	Possession by 1.pl
soslarda	None
durumum	Possession by 3.pl
düşeriz	None
ortamdan	Possession by 3.pl
sürgünlerin	Possession by 2.sg
modasına	Possession by 3.sg
mikroişlemcinin	Possession by 2.sg
cezeriyelerime	Possession by 3.pl
ergenliğin	Possession by 2.sg
gelmedik	None
katil	None
yetişmiyor	None
batısında	Possession by 3.sg
şamandıralar	None
ezersiniz	None
göbeklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
sınır	None
tavernası	Possession by 3.sg
oyuncunun	Possession by 2.sg
ağaçkakanı	Possession by 3.sg
salonu	Possession by 3.sg
yorumlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
terzim	Possession by 3.pl
tütüncünü	Possession by 2.sg
cismi	Possession by 3.sg
damadın	Possession by 2.sg
panteist	None
yavrusuna	Possession by 3.sg
cisimlerden	None
kasidelerdir	None
hastası	Possession by 3.sg
sanatı	Possession by 3.sg
boyunda	None
oğlumun	Possession by 3.pl
papirüsü	Possession by 3.sg
baklavanın	Possession by 2.sg
yazmamdan	Possession by 3.pl
çelikte	None
bulamıyordu	None
yardımseverliğimde	Possession by 3.pl
tasarımda	None
koyumuz	Possession by 1.pl
midyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
unutmadı	None
şatosuna	Possession by 3.sg
sürücüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
kutudan	None
trenlerden	None
kuyruğa	None
savunmuyordunuz	None
çalışmalarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
angutlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
cenazede	None
pırasası	Possession by 3.sg
dondurmanın	Possession by 2.sg
fragmanı	Possession by 3.sg
yapışmasını	Possession by 3.sg
cümlesinin	Possession by 3.sg
sitesinde	Possession by 3.sg
fizikçiden	None
rakımda	Possession by 3.pl
mayada	None
yardımcısını	Possession by 3.sg
deneyimimi	Possession by 3.pl
çarmıhı	Possession by 3.sg
ustasını	Possession by 3.sg
odanın	Possession by 2.sg
yorgunlar	None
tensörü	Possession by 3.sg
bombasından	Possession by 3.sg
geçmelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
jokeyiniz	Possession by 2.pl
sorumluluğumda	Possession by 3.pl
durumunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
beldenin	Possession by 2.sg
koymuyorum	None
üçlüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
yüzüncüyüme	Possession by 3.pl
sevişmezler	None
göreceksin	None
melodiler	None
kozamı	Possession by 3.pl
yendirtmiyorlar	None
ayakkabısının	Possession by 3.sg
cümlenizin	Possession by 2.pl
düzinenin	Possession by 2.sg
yoğurdu	Possession by 3.sg
hüzünler	None
ürenin	Possession by 2.sg
mağaralar	None
geceliklerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
anasızlıkların	Possession by 2.sg
animasyonlarda	None
birliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kuman	Possession by 2.sg
yasan	Possession by 2.sg
mucize	None
dinlenmesine	Possession by 3.sg
monarşiler	None
bugünün	Possession by 2.sg
bölgesini	Possession by 3.sg
trenlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
kaybolursun	None
memesine	Possession by 3.sg
uyduların	Possession by 2.sg
yorumumda	Possession by 3.pl
kuralların	Possession by 2.sg
memesinin	Possession by 3.sg
ayırırlar	None
gözyaşı	None
asam	Possession by 3.pl
makinesinden	Possession by 3.sg
koruganlara	None
madenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ağlaşadılar	None
karnesinde	Possession by 3.sg
atmaz	None
ilaçlara	None
vadesinde	Possession by 3.sg
alıyordu	None
ilgeç	None
yetkilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yarışmasının	Possession by 3.sg
yoğurtçuluklarımız	Possession by 1.pl
akımın	Possession by 3.pl
kalbim	Possession by 3.pl
tabutu	Possession by 3.sg
karamelinizin	Possession by 2.pl
musluğu	Possession by 3.sg
acımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kurtarıyor	None
sunacağım	None
füze	None
nüfuzun	None
batarlar	None
dilbilime	None
kılın	Possession by 2.sg
futbolcusuna	Possession by 3.sg
istemcinden	Possession by 2.sg
düğünün	Possession by 2.sg
balıkçısından	Possession by 3.sg
kokusunu	Possession by 3.sg
hocama	Possession by 3.pl
kuşu	Possession by 3.sg
ilkesinin	Possession by 3.sg
kategorilerin	Possession by 2.sg
deneyim	Possession by 3.pl
örtülerdir	None
bıyığın	Possession by 2.sg
poleni	Possession by 3.sg
amacıma	Possession by 3.pl
dinletisi	Possession by 3.sg
görüşümde	Possession by 3.pl
doktrinler	None
ziyaretlerden	None
arkadaşlığı	Possession by 3.sg
anketinizi	Possession by 2.pl
önemin	Possession by 2.sg
frizbini	Possession by 2.sg
baykuşların	Possession by 2.sg
gelinlikler	None
Tiranlında	Possession by 2.sg
yapımcılardan	None
teoride	None
krakerde	None
menekşesi	Possession by 3.sg
lehçesinin	Possession by 3.sg
büzünüzden	Possession by 2.pl
neşriyatı	Possession by 3.sg
temsillerin	Possession by 2.sg
takımın	Possession by 3.pl
yedirteceğim	None
kıçımız	Possession by 1.pl
tatbiklerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
kenarım	Possession by 3.pl
görüntüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
deneyimlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
sürgün	None
görüntüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
emlakçının	Possession by 2.sg
üyelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
senaryo	None
şirketi	Possession by 3.sg
kalpağı	Possession by 3.sg
omurgası	Possession by 3.sg
hareketliliği	Possession by 3.sg
asanın	Possession by 2.sg
huzurlarsınız	None
tercihlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
değişir	None
sorunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
kistlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kuyum	Possession by 3.pl
durumumu	Possession by 3.pl
kalkanda	None
oğlun	Possession by 2.sg
dizimi	Possession by 3.pl
yalancılar	None
akreplerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
yıktım	None
pederimiz	Possession by 1.pl
salatalarımı	Possession by 3.pl
lehçenin	Possession by 2.sg
polinomu	Possession by 3.sg
disketinizden	Possession by 2.pl
seçeneğe	None
gösterimi	Possession by 3.pl
mevkinden	Possession by 2.sg
önbilgimizi	Possession by 1.pl
dadısının	Possession by 3.sg
sorularım	Possession by 3.pl
kartın	Possession by 2.sg
aktrisi	Possession by 3.sg
olacaksınız	None
tekliflerden	None
birlikteliğe	None
yaratmamız	Possession by 1.pl
fındığı	Possession by 3.sg
çarların	Possession by 2.sg
hamam	None
yumurtalık	None
teklifi	Possession by 3.sg
vurgun	Possession by 2.sg
yakınların	Possession by 2.sg
makinaydım	None
dalgalanmıyorsun	None
vermeyiz	None
yuvanın	Possession by 2.sg
sanatın	Possession by 2.sg
vurgular	None
geğirdik	None
akvaryuma	None
erkeneğimizin	Possession by 1.pl
istemem	None
kararımızı	Possession by 1.pl
olumsuzluğu	None
memelerin	Possession by 2.sg
vaktimi	Possession by 3.pl
zamanımız	Possession by 1.pl
salatalar	None
kuyusu	Possession by 3.sg
kipalarımın	Possession by 3.pl
tanışırız	None
kullanmadan	None
kalplerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
astronotu	Possession by 3.sg
tarifin	Possession by 2.sg
kümbeti	Possession by 3.sg
piskoposun	Possession by 2.sg
yasasının	Possession by 3.sg
wikilerin	Possession by 2.sg
leyleklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
saklayacağım	None
şairi	None
durumumda	Possession by 3.pl
izleyicisinin	Possession by 3.sg
bayılması	Possession by 3.sg
bamyalarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
portların	Possession by 2.sg
prostatım	Possession by 3.pl
kuklalar	None
kesesinde	Possession by 3.sg
vahası	Possession by 3.sg
güneşte	None
protestolarımı	Possession by 3.pl
çalışmasından	Possession by 3.sg
kırarım	None
zamanı	Possession by 3.sg
intiharın	Possession by 2.sg
hızın	Possession by 2.sg
başkenti	Possession by 3.sg
yaranı	Possession by 2.sg
kaşen	Possession by 2.sg
giderinizden	Possession by 2.pl
cemaatlerde	None
sürgününüzde	Possession by 2.pl
ustası	Possession by 3.sg
halkımıza	Possession by 1.pl
salonun	Possession by 2.sg
kartalların	Possession by 2.sg
anı	Possession by 3.sg
sanıyorsunuz	None
Türkçeleştirdi	None
istemcilere	None
hançeri	Possession by 3.sg
aşım	Possession by 3.pl
cezve	None
bazalttan	None
radarların	Possession by 2.sg
karantinanızı	Possession by 2.pl
kokarcaya	None
tanrının	Possession by 2.sg
korsanı	Possession by 3.sg
düklerdim	None
kitapçığın	None
narkotiklerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
alemden	None
böceğin	Possession by 2.sg
çavuşumun	Possession by 3.pl
alemlerin	Possession by 2.sg
asteroidi	Possession by 3.sg
ziyaretin	Possession by 2.sg
kartı	Possession by 3.sg
keşkeği	Possession by 3.sg
emmi	None
hocam	Possession by 3.pl
akısının	Possession by 3.sg
koyum	Possession by 3.pl
daldırtıyorum	None
kahramanı	Possession by 3.sg
vaziyetin	Possession by 2.sg
yarışmaların	Possession by 2.sg
çekicin	Possession by 2.sg
sarhoşluğu	None
sargıdan	None
dönüşüm	Possession by 3.pl
viskinin	Possession by 2.sg
açtın	None
mezuniyeti	Possession by 3.sg
telaffuzumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
kuyumcuyu	None
listemi	Possession by 3.pl
kilisesinin	Possession by 3.sg
türevlerin	Possession by 2.sg
erimesini	Possession by 3.sg
satışı	Possession by 3.sg
bahçemde	Possession by 3.pl
buluyorsun	None
cihanı	Possession by 3.sg
kalırım	None
enfeksiyonlardan	None
kavunuz	None
yakınımda	Possession by 3.pl
aktörü	Possession by 3.sg
kısrağım	Possession by 3.pl
modan	Possession by 2.sg
kavramda	None
sözcüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
kararı	Possession by 3.sg
kurumların	Possession by 2.sg
köftelerin	Possession by 2.sg
camisine	Possession by 3.sg
başvurusuna	Possession by 3.sg
kedisinin	Possession by 3.sg
tatlar	None
bankasını	Possession by 3.sg
ısısında	Possession by 3.sg
pirinci	Possession by 3.sg
önerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
siklerden	None
âlemlere	None
tekrarlara	None
noktanın	Possession by 2.sg
asası	Possession by 3.sg
büyücümden	Possession by 3.pl
dağılmanın	Possession by 2.sg
memleketimizden	Possession by 1.pl
işlevi	Possession by 3.sg
çukurları	None
şoktan	None
içyüzlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
sürün	Possession by 2.sg
tanıdılar	None
sürdürülebilirlik	None
menüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
cümlen	Possession by 2.sg
anlarım	Possession by 3.pl
imamımı	Possession by 3.pl
spamlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
türevlerden	None
kahramanlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
dumanımda	Possession by 3.pl
zaferin	Possession by 2.sg
olaylardan	None
yetersizliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
yalanın	Possession by 2.sg
sürümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
lügati	Possession by 3.sg
beneklerin	Possession by 2.sg
parçasına	Possession by 3.sg
vadenin	Possession by 2.sg
sıvı	None
havucunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
itin	Possession by 2.sg
voleybolculara	None
masörlermişiz	None
rüyanın	Possession by 2.sg
karanlığa	None
uyanacak	None
bükmemelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
eşiği	Possession by 3.sg
dinamiti	Possession by 3.sg
bakmam	Possession by 3.pl
başvurunun	Possession by 2.sg
ışının	Possession by 2.sg
mahzenlerde	None
kategorisinde	Possession by 3.sg
ideallerde	None
tütüyorduk	None
papaza	None
paylaşımımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
bacasının	Possession by 3.sg
sorularımı	Possession by 3.pl
jenerasyonlar	None
sakson	Possession by 2.sg
giysiler	None
deneyimlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
Belgratlıdan	None
oyumda	Possession by 3.pl
kapaması	Possession by 3.sg
avın	Possession by 2.sg
salamlardır	None
bazın	Possession by 2.sg
portakalın	Possession by 2.sg
öküzlerime	Possession by 3.pl
dudağınızın	Possession by 2.pl
sorumluluğumuz	Possession by 1.pl
bulunmayı	None
tren	None
ortağın	Possession by 2.sg
sunularda	None
gelinim	Possession by 3.pl
sevgili	None
şampanyanız	Possession by 2.pl
dakikasından	Possession by 3.sg
nedenimi	Possession by 3.pl
kirişin	Possession by 2.sg
iğrendin	None
kullanıcısını	Possession by 3.sg
verniğin	Possession by 2.sg
mısranın	Possession by 2.sg
bilgiler	None
Yahudilerin	Possession by 2.sg
ürümeyecekler	None
ilklendirmelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
dükkânın	Possession by 2.sg
röntgeni	Possession by 3.sg
yemeninizde	Possession by 2.pl
patateslerin	Possession by 2.sg
imambayıldısına	Possession by 3.sg
çığırtkanlığımı	Possession by 3.pl
listemiz	Possession by 1.pl
havran	Possession by 2.sg
ahtapotlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
mikrobun	Possession by 2.sg
şarkımız	Possession by 1.pl
dağılmasını	Possession by 3.sg
bölgesinin	Possession by 3.sg
bileşikte	None
görüşümüze	Possession by 1.pl
tecrübenin	Possession by 2.sg
coşkusunu	Possession by 3.sg
çeliğin	Possession by 2.sg
batısına	Possession by 3.sg
yastıkların	Possession by 2.sg
birlikteliği	Possession by 3.sg
dinsizliği	Possession by 3.sg
âlemi	Possession by 3.sg
tada	None
teknolojiye	None
savaşçısından	Possession by 3.sg
çarşafa	None
bitkisine	Possession by 3.sg
yufkalar	None
sunucusu	Possession by 3.sg
ormanların	Possession by 2.sg
aşkımın	Possession by 3.pl
ekimi	Possession by 3.pl
bilgilerde	None
çözeltisinde	Possession by 3.sg
hurilermişim	None
fizikçi	None
hareketliliğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
lokantasını	Possession by 3.sg
maydanozu	Possession by 3.sg
bölümün	Possession by 2.sg
karganın	None
kaynar	None
gemide	None
işlemenin	Possession by 2.sg
bamyaydınız	None
tercihlerim	Possession by 3.pl
otun	Possession by 2.sg
laboratuvarlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
kuyrukların	Possession by 2.sg
prenslerin	Possession by 2.sg
hüzünümün	Possession by 3.pl
oligarşiler	None
etin	Possession by 2.sg
alçakmışsın	None
terörizme	None
tipografyasından	Possession by 3.sg
acı	None
şehri	Possession by 3.sg
seçmemizin	Possession by 1.pl
deposunun	Possession by 3.sg
yorumuma	Possession by 3.pl
şarkıcısının	Possession by 3.sg
vurgunda	Possession by 2.sg
sosyolojinin	None
kasın	Possession by 2.sg
gelmenin	Possession by 2.sg
klarnet	None
sezonlar	None
dilimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tercümanımdan	Possession by 3.pl
işlevlere	None
acemilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yazmaların	Possession by 2.sg
sayfam	Possession by 3.pl
ağasına	Possession by 3.sg
grubun	Possession by 2.sg
palyaçomuz	Possession by 1.pl
silahımıza	Possession by 1.pl
kardeşime	Possession by 3.pl
bilgimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kahvesi	Possession by 3.sg
yakşıymışsın	None
kusmanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
yüzeylerin	Possession by 2.sg
teoremde	None
dalak	None
hastanesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kurbağalamada	None
seslendiler	None
makinadan	None
direğin	Possession by 2.sg
namazların	Possession by 2.sg
ablasını	Possession by 3.sg
bağlarda	None
tarafınıza	Possession by 2.pl
oyunculardı	None
iskeletlerden	None
deneyi	Possession by 3.sg
siyasetçinin	None
doğru	None
huzuruz	None
bacak	None
kalbimin	Possession by 3.pl
dedik	None
acıların	Possession by 2.sg
yoldaşı	Possession by 3.sg
firavunu	Possession by 3.sg
canlanmadım	None
prenslerdin	None
etlerin	Possession by 2.sg
işlemcinin	Possession by 2.sg
eksenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
görmüyorlar	None
mıknatısların	Possession by 2.sg
ummadık	None
Tiranlıya	None
vedasını	Possession by 3.sg
istemedim	None
aygıtçığınızı	Possession by 2.pl
dersimin	Possession by 3.pl
yeterlik	None
ısınmaz	None
ispatlar	None
oyuncakların	Possession by 2.sg
tatbikinizde	Possession by 2.pl
madeni	Possession by 3.sg
gişesinde	Possession by 3.sg
çukurda	None
kuvveti	Possession by 3.sg
kümeste	None
bacanaklar	None
aseton	None
karısına	Possession by 3.sg
cümlesi	Possession by 3.sg
bulgurdan	None
kağıtların	Possession by 2.sg
işlemesinden	Possession by 3.sg
oğlancın	Possession by 2.sg
eriyiğin	Possession by 2.sg
geyiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
tecrübeni	Possession by 2.sg
beldelerimde	Possession by 3.pl
haritada	None
fotoğrafınızı	Possession by 2.pl
fanusa	None
ısırgana	None
sorunun	Possession by 2.sg
palyaçolarımız	Possession by 1.pl
erimesinde	Possession by 3.sg
koru	Possession by 3.sg
rimelinize	Possession by 2.pl
dağılmalarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
terzinin	Possession by 2.sg
eşcinseli	Possession by 3.sg
aslı	Possession by 3.sg
yasama	Possession by 3.pl
kirpi	None
kâsemi	Possession by 3.pl
müracaat	None
kapamasına	Possession by 3.sg
kullanmanızda	Possession by 2.pl
verniği	Possession by 3.sg
ilerinde	Possession by 2.sg
ücretsizliğim	Possession by 3.pl
oyuncuya	None
paşanın	Possession by 2.sg
yasalardan	None
kapıların	Possession by 2.sg
şairlerde	None
aramayacaksınız	None
acıttılar	None
futbolcusunu	Possession by 3.sg
kasidenin	Possession by 2.sg
çekiçler	None
krallığın	None
algoritmasını	Possession by 3.sg
götüreceğim	None
sorusunda	Possession by 3.sg
sunucunuza	Possession by 2.pl
köpürdüler	None
yakası	Possession by 3.sg
teşhirlerime	Possession by 3.pl
filimin	Possession by 3.pl
mağaraların	Possession by 2.sg
değirmenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kemençeleri	None
notların	None
sorumlulukların	Possession by 2.sg
şelalesi	Possession by 3.sg
sunumda	Possession by 3.pl
şarkıcısından	Possession by 3.sg
kumandası	Possession by 3.sg
tekilasınız	None
kelimesinin	Possession by 3.sg
önerilerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
dakikasında	Possession by 3.sg
kalından	None
zeytinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
narkotiğimizin	Possession by 1.pl
sahnenin	Possession by 2.sg
nişanlınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kullanıyorsun	None
enfeksiyona	None
şahıslarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
nalın	Possession by 2.sg
örneğin	Possession by 2.sg
sakinin	Possession by 2.sg
uygulamasına	Possession by 3.sg
küçükler	None
tesadüfleri	None
kalkıyordu	None
azınlığın	None
istiridyem	Possession by 3.pl
cepheyi	None
kolajı	Possession by 3.sg
konmadım	None
çorbasında	Possession by 3.sg
düşmanlara	None
çıkmaya	None
okiyalarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
haberim	Possession by 3.pl
gürzlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
acısına	Possession by 3.sg
vadede	None
ışınlarda	None
ayaklarımda	Possession by 3.pl
tutulması	Possession by 3.sg
yarasalara	None
paylaşmaz	None
genelevin	Possession by 2.sg
yağmasından	Possession by 3.sg
tadın	Possession by 2.sg
süzgeci	Possession by 3.sg
kandillerinize	Possession by 2.pl
tabancasından	Possession by 3.sg
karşılığı	Possession by 3.sg
yapması	Possession by 3.sg
mezrasını	Possession by 3.sg
kocam	Possession by 3.pl
istemezler	None
kapsamı	Possession by 3.sg
sevdalinkamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
tercümanı	Possession by 3.sg
bölgelerdi	None
anın	Possession by 2.sg
lahmacun	None
kavmi	Possession by 3.sg
utandırmayacak	None
pırasanızı	Possession by 2.pl
kursiyerler	None
paradokslara	None
üşüyorum	None
sürücülerin	Possession by 2.sg
düşünmem	None
şişliği	Possession by 3.sg
oynamaz	None
kirpilerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
virgülün	Possession by 2.sg
sakin	None
ayrımcılığı	Possession by 3.sg
heyeti	Possession by 3.sg
hamtlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
koleksiyonun	Possession by 2.sg
çalgıcı	Possession by 3.sg
maldan	None
ışınıma	Possession by 3.pl
tanrılarmışız	None
astronotun	Possession by 2.sg
patatesi	Possession by 3.sg
yuvalar	None
umurumda	Possession by 3.pl
hasta	None
sonumuz	Possession by 1.pl
vurgusu	Possession by 3.sg
milyonerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kardeşlerime	Possession by 3.pl
çalışmasına	Possession by 3.sg
karakterlerdir	None
takısını	Possession by 3.sg
olaylarıma	Possession by 3.pl
olmadık	None
kılmayacağız	None
moleküllere	None
sitemizi	Possession by 1.pl
âlemin	Possession by 2.sg
mevkisi	Possession by 3.sg
kısrağın	Possession by 2.sg
fakültesini	Possession by 3.sg
dönemin	Possession by 2.sg
kazıya	None
güvercinin	Possession by 2.sg
geçmenin	Possession by 2.sg
tanesine	Possession by 3.sg
mahzeni	Possession by 3.sg
dakikasına	Possession by 3.sg
pişecekler	None
mezrasının	Possession by 3.sg
batında	Possession by 2.sg
sütyeni	Possession by 3.sg
heykelciğim	Possession by 3.pl
hacının	Possession by 2.sg
lezyonuma	Possession by 3.pl
yeşimleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
ortama	Possession by 3.pl
sürtüğünüz	Possession by 2.pl
yapmanızda	Possession by 2.pl
bağırsakların	Possession by 2.sg
kelimesini	Possession by 3.sg
mistikler	None
namazın	Possession by 2.sg
ödevi	None
kurulunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
genelevlerin	Possession by 2.sg
puromu	Possession by 3.pl
ofisin	Possession by 2.sg
cevaplarım	Possession by 3.pl
derneğe	None
sonu	Possession by 3.sg
ilerisinden	Possession by 3.sg
evlendik	None
tecrübem	Possession by 3.pl
çubuğu	Possession by 3.sg
sillesini	Possession by 3.sg
adalelerin	Possession by 2.sg
öcü	Possession by 3.sg
kozun	Possession by 2.sg
saçlarda	None
fırçası	Possession by 3.sg
anasonunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
memenin	Possession by 2.sg
kadayıfı	None
kozamızın	Possession by 1.pl
yolumda	Possession by 3.pl
düğünlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
galaksi	None
adamlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
yolunuza	Possession by 2.pl
tanınızı	Possession by 2.pl
batısının	Possession by 3.sg
tanımlıklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
isimde	Possession by 3.pl
vitrinimizin	Possession by 1.pl
elipsi	Possession by 3.sg
seveni	Possession by 3.sg
temsilcilerin	Possession by 2.sg
fagotun	Possession by 2.sg
elçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
işletmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
gazetem	Possession by 3.pl
terapisti	Possession by 3.sg
kategorinin	Possession by 2.sg
kitabe	None
antioksidanlarda	None
görüşlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
hatan	Possession by 2.sg
yüzmesine	Possession by 3.sg
patenin	Possession by 2.sg
listesini	Possession by 3.sg
gönlümden	Possession by 3.pl
saydırtacak	None
blogun	Possession by 2.sg
yapmanın	Possession by 2.sg
sevişir	None
akvaryumlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
çökeltinde	Possession by 2.sg
doğusundan	Possession by 3.sg
açarlar	None
zulümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bitmesini	Possession by 3.sg
kardeşlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
dönüyordu	None
dükkânlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
yardımcısının	Possession by 3.sg
çalgısını	Possession by 3.sg
geceme	Possession by 3.pl
kutusu	Possession by 3.sg
koklar	None
yolculuklarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
abartıyordum	None
taklitçisiniz	None
tutkum	Possession by 3.pl
startı	Possession by 3.sg
bandajlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
payı	Possession by 3.sg
parabolün	Possession by 2.sg
sağlayıcısına	Possession by 3.sg
dövüşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ejderhasını	Possession by 3.sg
yörüngesinde	Possession by 3.sg
topçuların	Possession by 2.sg
kalktım	None
açıyorlardı	None
cümlenizi	Possession by 2.pl
güvenliliklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
sincabı	Possession by 3.sg
parçacığın	Possession by 2.sg
olaylarımı	Possession by 3.pl
arpanın	Possession by 2.sg
yanardağın	Possession by 2.sg
ilme	None
hırsızı	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübesi	Possession by 3.sg
erimesinin	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmamda	Possession by 3.pl
çığırtkanlığı	Possession by 3.sg
açılmaz	None
totemciliklerde	None
güvenimi	Possession by 3.pl
çökermem	None
embriyoyu	None
cücelerde	None
treni	Possession by 3.sg
açılmayız	None
akdoğan	None
ilişkisi	Possession by 3.sg
karısının	Possession by 3.sg
kırılırlar	None
otomobilciliğimize	Possession by 1.pl
oyu	Possession by 3.sg
amacımız	Possession by 1.pl
sevenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
edebiyatımıza	Possession by 1.pl
nohutlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
yakınlarsın	None
derisinde	Possession by 3.sg
kürklerin	Possession by 2.sg
ortanın	Possession by 2.sg
süreklilikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
ambulansların	Possession by 2.sg
seviyorlar	None
kurbağasının	Possession by 3.sg
kartallarımda	Possession by 3.pl
guakamolelerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
mahzenler	None
okulu	Possession by 3.sg
yardımların	Possession by 2.sg
parçasından	Possession by 3.sg
gösterilere	None
karna	None
gruplarım	Possession by 3.pl
örsü	Possession by 3.sg
sarıldılar	None
leyleklerin	Possession by 2.sg
ortasının	Possession by 3.sg
gerisini	Possession by 3.sg
lokantasına	Possession by 3.sg
yakanın	Possession by 2.sg
kayıklara	None
okulum	Possession by 3.pl
ebem	Possession by 3.pl
koşucuların	Possession by 2.sg
tabelalar	None
aracınızın	Possession by 2.pl
rüyalardan	None
adamım	Possession by 3.pl
önerimi	Possession by 3.pl
yardımcısı	Possession by 3.sg
gönderirler	None
topolojiye	None
kurulumu	Possession by 3.pl
kazması	Possession by 3.sg
ateşten	None
kimliğimi	Possession by 3.pl
amcasına	Possession by 3.sg
tüyü	Possession by 3.sg
şarkı	Possession by 3.sg
umurumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
konseri	Possession by 3.sg
güvenliliği	Possession by 3.sg
sagamı	Possession by 3.pl
kimliğimin	Possession by 3.pl
oylarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
sagasında	Possession by 3.sg
gemilerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
tutacağız	None
türüne	Possession by 2.sg
veterinerler	None
temsiller	None
votkası	Possession by 3.sg
yetişmedi	None
başarıyorlar	None
dolamadılar	None
noktasını	Possession by 3.sg
tutacaklar	None
buluşur	None
konferansı	Possession by 3.sg
verniklerimi	Possession by 3.pl
mevkisini	Possession by 3.sg
modellerde	None
çorapların	Possession by 2.sg
bakıcısının	Possession by 3.sg
ateşlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
kartalın	Possession by 2.sg
ördeği	Possession by 3.sg
toplumların	Possession by 2.sg
şikâyetinizi	Possession by 2.pl
yetkiden	None
katıldınız	None
mağarasından	Possession by 3.sg
ağlıyor	None
oylarınız	Possession by 2.pl
taşımıyor	None
limonun	Possession by 2.sg
volkanizma	None
bülbülüm	Possession by 3.pl
şahmerdanı	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmamın	Possession by 3.pl
asitten	None
mermisine	Possession by 3.sg
emlakçılığınız	Possession by 2.pl
aşkımız	Possession by 1.pl
eksen	None
kullanışlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
yakasına	Possession by 3.sg
yorumumun	Possession by 3.pl
efsunların	Possession by 2.sg
maratonun	Possession by 2.sg
parabolü	Possession by 3.sg
engizisyonun	None
kazının	Possession by 2.sg
sayfamda	Possession by 3.pl
yörüngesinin	Possession by 3.sg
vardınız	None
alametlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
malumatı	Possession by 3.sg
kapasitesine	Possession by 3.sg
ulamların	Possession by 2.sg
delimizde	Possession by 1.pl
nargileme	Possession by 3.pl
gönlümüz	Possession by 1.pl
farenizi	Possession by 2.pl
zakkuma	None
koleksiyonlardan	None
bitmesine	Possession by 3.sg
lokantalara	None
hatalarımın	Possession by 3.pl
kalesini	Possession by 3.sg
kamerasını	Possession by 3.sg
flaşın	Possession by 2.sg
kataloğun	Possession by 2.sg
mevzuyu	None
yıldırımın	Possession by 2.sg
dakikasını	Possession by 3.sg
hahamımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
gübreye	None
sihirbazımı	Possession by 3.pl
hislerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yığar	None
tozu	Possession by 3.sg
nişanlısına	Possession by 3.sg
kararların	Possession by 2.sg
dildolarım	Possession by 3.pl
görmediler	None
dervişin	Possession by 2.sg
mimi	Possession by 3.sg
öykünün	Possession by 2.sg
kazasını	Possession by 3.sg
yastığın	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
aşkımızın	Possession by 1.pl
şampiyonluğumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
üretiyor	None
jokeyin	Possession by 2.sg
yapmasına	Possession by 3.sg
kuyumcumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
soruna	Possession by 2.sg
olayı	Possession by 3.sg
gelmem	Possession by 3.pl
saklanıyor	None
belirtmeler	None
şehvetin	Possession by 2.sg
bilgilerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
bakmasından	Possession by 3.sg
entrikanın	Possession by 2.sg
tanelerin	Possession by 2.sg
listemde	Possession by 3.pl
piyanomdan	Possession by 3.pl
çalışmanızın	Possession by 2.pl
tabancasının	Possession by 3.sg
korsanlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
yazmasında	Possession by 3.sg
videomu	Possession by 3.pl
amaçlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
bulamadım	None
konumun	Possession by 3.pl
derlemelere	None
çeviriminize	Possession by 2.pl
giymiyor	None
dövüşüyoruz	None
cümlesinde	Possession by 3.sg
sunucusuna	Possession by 3.sg
düzersiniz	None
vekillerde	None
tekfurun	Possession by 2.sg
kalesinden	Possession by 3.sg
açılırlar	None
veledi	Possession by 3.sg
patlar	None
ormanın	Possession by 2.sg
denilmez	None
patenim	Possession by 3.pl
bıkmıyordular	None
gaydaya	None
istirahatlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
gazetemizin	Possession by 1.pl
minare	None
ılırsın	None
verisini	Possession by 3.sg
kasetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sağlayıcılarımda	Possession by 3.pl
gönlünüze	Possession by 2.pl
koylarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
uydusunun	Possession by 3.sg
ekime	Possession by 3.pl
makarnamda	Possession by 3.pl
foku	Possession by 3.sg
yangının	Possession by 2.sg
ışınımın	Possession by 3.pl
kullanımlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
sayfalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
blogcuymuşlar	None
lezzetimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kabuğu	Possession by 3.sg
romandın	None
ekimin	Possession by 3.pl
beşgen	None
fonksiyonun	Possession by 2.sg
işçisini	Possession by 3.sg
saganın	Possession by 2.sg
sıçanların	Possession by 2.sg
gereksinimimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yardımlara	None
adı	Possession by 3.sg
yollarımız	Possession by 1.pl
misketi	Possession by 3.sg
kasidesini	Possession by 3.sg
kamus	None
otobüsün	Possession by 2.sg
medreseler	None
şüpheleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
kategorilerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kısraklarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
pastalarda	None
amiralliğe	None
savaşçısını	Possession by 3.sg
annelere	None
ayım	Possession by 3.pl
yordamın	Possession by 2.sg
sosyolojiyi	None
uçurtmalar	None
kullanmasına	Possession by 3.sg
mermimi	Possession by 3.pl
okullara	None
mutluluğumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
düşmanlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
bakmasının	Possession by 3.sg
ürünü	Possession by 3.sg
yenilmedim	None
oyumdan	Possession by 3.pl
başvuruyu	None
derlemesinde	Possession by 3.sg
haritasını	Possession by 3.sg
göğsümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
gitarın	Possession by 2.sg
çalışman	Possession by 2.sg
dönemim	Possession by 3.pl
mandalınızın	Possession by 2.pl
dersim	Possession by 3.pl
kalbimden	Possession by 3.pl
sislerin	Possession by 2.sg
işgücünün	None
sekmesine	Possession by 3.sg
bilgimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kemerlerin	None
koklamayacak	None
kibriti	Possession by 3.sg
mandalinalarsın	None
fokların	Possession by 2.sg
rüyasını	Possession by 3.sg
bilgilerime	Possession by 3.pl
doktorun	Possession by 2.sg
isyanın	Possession by 2.sg
muhalefeti	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübeme	Possession by 3.pl
fırtınası	Possession by 3.sg
ortaklıklardan	None
hocasına	Possession by 3.sg
zaferi	Possession by 3.sg
teorisini	Possession by 3.sg
kolaylıklar	None
balinasından	Possession by 3.sg
güvenim	Possession by 3.pl
ilken	Possession by 2.sg
yorumumdan	Possession by 3.pl
cevizin	Possession by 2.sg
katilim	Possession by 3.pl
doğramadınız	None
sosun	Possession by 2.sg
vilayet	None
sayfanı	Possession by 2.sg
alanınızı	Possession by 2.pl
eşyasına	Possession by 3.sg
tanrısına	Possession by 3.sg
baldızı	Possession by 3.sg
yanlışlığın	None
telaffuzumu	Possession by 3.pl
üyemiz	Possession by 1.pl
kolyesi	Possession by 3.sg
kaltağım	Possession by 3.pl
izolasyonu	Possession by 3.sg
sıkmazsın	None
götün	Possession by 2.sg
mananın	Possession by 2.sg
zangoçlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
derleyiciler	None
gösterim	Possession by 3.pl
yanardağ	None
fırtına	None
cüzzam	None
bozacak	None
yalnızlık	None
gübresi	Possession by 3.sg
çeliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
ısıların	Possession by 2.sg
gitarlar	None
ablasından	Possession by 3.sg
müezzinler	None
döküyor	None
kaplanı	Possession by 3.sg
nargilenin	Possession by 2.sg
öldürdüler	None
mantıksız	None
yetkisine	Possession by 3.sg
kalamar	None
kullanıcılarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
toplumu	Possession by 3.sg
şivesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kediden	None
emlağın	Possession by 2.sg
mihrabımıza	Possession by 1.pl
rüyaların	Possession by 2.sg
kurtarmayız	None
çıktından	Possession by 2.sg
hıçkırığım	Possession by 3.pl
hücre	None
tercümenin	None
kenarların	Possession by 2.sg
vapurların	Possession by 2.sg
ayakkabısına	Possession by 3.sg
hapsi	Possession by 3.sg
kaynaştırılıyorum	None
cücen	Possession by 2.sg
geometrileri	None
yazmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
hatasında	Possession by 3.sg
astık	None
enfeksiyonların	Possession by 2.sg
filizlerde	None
kırtasiyesinden	Possession by 3.sg
Müslümanlara	None
yazıtların	Possession by 2.sg
fareleriz	None
bilginize	Possession by 2.pl
bölümüme	Possession by 3.pl
emniyetin	None
oyuncaktınız	None
bilgilerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
duydun	None
sporcusunun	Possession by 3.sg
dikdörtgenin	Possession by 2.sg
siteme	Possession by 3.pl
hocamıza	Possession by 1.pl
istisnanın	Possession by 2.sg
aldırdı	None
radyosunun	Possession by 3.sg
nalınıza	Possession by 2.pl
manivelalarım	Possession by 3.pl
beldemizden	Possession by 1.pl
öğrencisine	Possession by 3.sg
alır	None
hacıma	Possession by 3.pl
lezyonun	Possession by 2.sg
aynasını	Possession by 3.sg
tacı	Possession by 3.sg
işletmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
uçların	Possession by 2.sg
masumdunuz	None
yangına	None
tercümelere	None
perisine	Possession by 3.sg
katillersin	None
pişirecekler	None
cumhur	None
bilgimi	Possession by 3.pl
homurdanmalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
avcıların	Possession by 2.sg
rahiplerin	Possession by 2.sg
erimeye	None
futbolcumu	Possession by 3.pl
ceylanların	Possession by 2.sg
cehennemin	Possession by 2.sg
bankasına	Possession by 3.sg
terapistler	None
şikâyetlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
önerimin	Possession by 3.pl
gitmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
serecek	None
senaryosundan	Possession by 3.sg
ilişkim	Possession by 3.pl
sağlayıcısının	Possession by 3.sg
dükün	Possession by 2.sg
aşklarım	Possession by 3.pl
hastanede	None
gideri	Possession by 3.sg
cemaatin	Possession by 2.sg
örneğimizde	Possession by 1.pl
hastasını	Possession by 3.sg
nedenimiz	Possession by 1.pl
omurgasının	Possession by 3.sg
üçlüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
kullanılmıyordular	None
kıyafetler	None
karnabaharım	Possession by 3.pl
rüyasından	Possession by 3.sg
acemiler	None
yetecek	None
kamuslarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
cümlelerde	None
ribozun	None
şakanın	Possession by 2.sg
kabukların	Possession by 2.sg
binmez	None
kapısında	Possession by 3.sg
şarklarım	Possession by 3.pl
sunun	Possession by 2.sg
tarafa	None
uca	None
melodi	None
devlerin	Possession by 2.sg
arayüzlerden	None
şikâyetimizden	Possession by 1.pl
kadere	None
sistemim	Possession by 3.pl
referansların	Possession by 2.sg
kocan	Possession by 2.sg
hızınız	Possession by 2.pl
yağmurların	Possession by 2.sg
dersimden	Possession by 3.pl
bombasını	Possession by 3.sg
fikri	Possession by 3.sg
sayacağım	None
sirkin	Possession by 2.sg
ayakkabıcı	None
hızların	Possession by 2.sg
akşamımızın	Possession by 1.pl
ebelersin	None
mevzusu	Possession by 3.sg
nedeni	Possession by 3.sg
payın	Possession by 2.sg
hislerin	Possession by 2.sg
makinenin	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencilerimize	Possession by 1.pl
çorbamıza	Possession by 1.pl
sürüyecek	None
namaz	None
kedimin	Possession by 3.pl
seçmeyecekler	None
vahan	Possession by 2.sg
kaderimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kağıtlar	None
bahçelerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
sonsuzun	Possession by 2.sg
çukuru	None
kanserler	None
önemi	Possession by 3.sg
klavyesini	Possession by 3.sg
kuzularınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kararımız	Possession by 1.pl
devirden	None
mucizesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yanardağı	Possession by 3.sg
burnum	Possession by 3.pl
eteği	Possession by 3.sg
karakteriniz	Possession by 2.pl
giysilerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
ipi	Possession by 3.sg
böceğe	None
otunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
bademin	Possession by 2.sg
köftesi	Possession by 3.sg
katım	Possession by 3.pl
yapmamızın	Possession by 1.pl
menünün	Possession by 2.sg
marangozun	Possession by 2.sg
kandillerime	Possession by 3.pl
babacan	None
karakterlerden	None
okuyorlar	None
tanıtmıyorum	None
mezranın	Possession by 2.sg
meşelerimi	Possession by 3.pl
zangoçlardan	None
bakmalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kıllığınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
çorbalara	None
parçanı	Possession by 2.sg
mekiğin	Possession by 2.sg
mekiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
meşalenin	Possession by 2.sg
bileşiğin	Possession by 2.sg
sarımsağı	Possession by 3.sg
alemler	None
puanımda	Possession by 3.pl
seçmesini	Possession by 3.sg
kloroplastlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
iplerin	Possession by 2.sg
derecenizden	Possession by 2.pl
ulamda	None
meninin	Possession by 2.sg
amcası	Possession by 3.sg
çıktısı	Possession by 3.sg
koydu	None
bugüne	None
vahalarda	None
ayrılmaz	None
çarşısında	Possession by 3.sg
etim	Possession by 3.pl
vilayetin	Possession by 2.sg
donmasına	Possession by 3.sg
tanışıyoruz	None
akışın	Possession by 2.sg
deliğimizi	Possession by 1.pl
yetkilerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
emlakçımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
kloroplastın	Possession by 2.sg
sevenlerinize	Possession by 2.pl
tavuğa	None
göğsün	Possession by 2.sg
konsere	None
omurgalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
disketlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sonucun	Possession by 2.sg
hardal	None
önceleri	None
tandırlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
aleti	Possession by 3.sg
sirki	Possession by 3.sg
paylaştı	None
tanrısını	Possession by 3.sg
kuyumcumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
dışkısının	Possession by 3.sg
yetkisini	Possession by 3.sg
seçmenlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
gençliği	Possession by 3.sg
âşığı	Possession by 3.sg
ittirmeyecek	None
belediyesini	Possession by 3.sg
kolejin	Possession by 2.sg
diskotek	None
kapımız	Possession by 1.pl
onarmadı	None
bitirttirmedin	None
klavyenin	Possession by 2.sg
basınız	Possession by 2.pl
omurgasında	Possession by 3.sg
mügelerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
tiyatroya	None
verilerin	Possession by 2.sg
şimşekleri	None
kontesi	None
eşyadan	None
cümlelerimi	Possession by 3.pl
avcısı	Possession by 3.sg
düğünler	None
yönetimlerime	Possession by 3.pl
okyanuslarda	None
sayfanız	Possession by 2.pl
öğrencisi	Possession by 3.sg
dedikodulardan	None
müzelerin	None
cevabımız	Possession by 1.pl
üyenin	Possession by 2.sg
vikipedistin	Possession by 2.sg
sandalyenin	None
kapına	Possession by 2.sg
varır	None
mısrasından	Possession by 3.sg
plektrumumun	Possession by 3.pl
saçım	Possession by 3.pl
tabancamın	Possession by 3.pl
sebebim	Possession by 3.pl
bası	Possession by 3.sg
gözlemeye	None
işlemeyecekler	None
deneyimde	Possession by 3.pl
tanımdan	Possession by 3.pl
yapbozu	Possession by 3.sg
kurallarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
sirk	None
işletmesini	Possession by 3.sg
üyelerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kavmin	Possession by 2.sg
alırız	None
hocasını	Possession by 3.sg
avukatı	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
memleketten	None
şovu	Possession by 3.sg
eğitimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
borçların	Possession by 2.sg
doğumda	Possession by 3.pl
teorisinde	Possession by 3.sg
badanamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
diyapazonun	Possession by 2.sg
lokantanın	Possession by 2.sg
ünsüzleri	None
özrü	Possession by 3.sg
hüzünümü	Possession by 3.pl
şatosunu	Possession by 3.sg
bilyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
göstermediler	None
sunaklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
önerisini	Possession by 3.sg
şarkıcısı	Possession by 3.sg
çığlığı	Possession by 3.sg
bıçağı	Possession by 3.sg
verilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
caminde	Possession by 2.sg
tepkimelerin	Possession by 2.sg
efemizde	Possession by 1.pl
çiçenize	Possession by 2.pl
biçimlere	None
güvercinim	Possession by 3.pl
elçilerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
marulu	Possession by 3.sg
volkanizmanın	Possession by 2.sg
papirüsler	None
gönlümü	Possession by 3.pl
nohutun	Possession by 2.sg
kerevizin	Possession by 2.sg
belediyemiz	Possession by 1.pl
şerbetçiliklerim	Possession by 3.pl
bildirdik	None
korkuluk	None
akımda	Possession by 3.pl
ulam	None
süngerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
bamyanızın	Possession by 2.pl
düşmanı	Possession by 3.sg
taklidimize	Possession by 1.pl
sürüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
uzaksın	None
balinasının	Possession by 3.sg
bahçemizi	Possession by 1.pl
tütünün	Possession by 2.sg
odasında	Possession by 3.sg
menekşe	None
böbrekler	None
büst	None
doğusunun	Possession by 3.sg
avantaja	None
yardımcıların	Possession by 2.sg
yaratmasının	Possession by 3.sg
magmanın	Possession by 2.sg
çobanın	Possession by 2.sg
karıştırdı	None
heyetimden	Possession by 3.pl
nörona	None
rahibin	Possession by 2.sg
tarihçinin	Possession by 2.sg
uluslara	None
geçmem	Possession by 3.pl
omurgalarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
şüphesine	Possession by 3.sg
satarlar	None
görüntülerin	Possession by 2.sg
sorunuza	Possession by 2.pl
kestirmesi	Possession by 3.sg
maskesinden	Possession by 3.sg
türemedim	None
oynatıcının	Possession by 2.sg
mevkine	Possession by 2.sg
camin	Possession by 2.sg
gelişmiyorum	None
perilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yönetimden	None
hatasından	Possession by 3.sg
saldırır	None
cümleni	Possession by 2.sg
yazıtınıza	Possession by 2.pl
uzayın	Possession by 2.sg
artığı	Possession by 3.sg
homonimlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
çarlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kuyudan	None
haritayı	None
vaktinizi	Possession by 2.pl
hanımın	Possession by 2.sg
değişmiyor	None
öfkelendirir	None
gireceksiniz	None
sahnesinden	Possession by 3.sg
listeniz	Possession by 2.pl
müelliflerin	Possession by 2.sg
şampiyonu	Possession by 3.sg
dılağımı	Possession by 3.pl
çığı	Possession by 3.sg
mısırı	Possession by 3.sg
değişkenlerdir	None
yummayacak	None
ropdöşambırlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
gömlek	None
köylüymüşüm	None
sabanı	Possession by 3.sg
tanrıyı	None
bürümezler	None
görüşümden	Possession by 3.pl
korsesi	Possession by 3.sg
aşiretin	Possession by 2.sg
skrotumlarım	Possession by 3.pl
yanıtlarda	None
fabrikalara	None
derecesinden	Possession by 3.sg
katildik	None
andılar	None
adamımız	Possession by 1.pl
radarın	Possession by 2.sg
bakanın	Possession by 2.sg
itinize	Possession by 2.pl
ünlülerden	None
önceliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
minarenden	Possession by 2.sg
geçmişimize	Possession by 1.pl
hastalığı	Possession by 3.sg
isim	Possession by 3.pl
dükkânların	Possession by 2.sg
kehribara	None
dergisinde	Possession by 3.sg
goller	None
deşiyorsunuz	None
ünlülere	None
mesuliyetsizliklerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kalesi	Possession by 3.sg
şakaya	None
eklerim	Possession by 3.pl
zeytinin	Possession by 2.sg
taşıyoruz	None
simyacılar	None
paylaştırması	Possession by 3.sg
parabol	None
işlemesinin	Possession by 3.sg
tanrılarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
bahçıvan	None
ortakların	Possession by 2.sg
borcun	Possession by 2.sg
paşamızı	Possession by 1.pl
futbolcumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
yazmanı	Possession by 2.sg
golü	Possession by 3.sg
hocasından	Possession by 3.sg
camisinden	Possession by 3.sg
ağlamanın	Possession by 2.sg
yapmıyorlar	None
mektupta	None
gitmem	Possession by 3.pl
mamam	Possession by 3.pl
tornavidası	Possession by 3.sg
mektubumu	Possession by 3.pl
süründürür	None
milyonerin	Possession by 2.sg
cümlesini	Possession by 3.sg
orta	None
medresesi	Possession by 3.sg
kuralı	Possession by 3.sg
kızlığımızı	Possession by 1.pl
helvalardan	None
yönü	Possession by 3.sg
gereksinime	None
hahamı	Possession by 3.sg
dizisinin	Possession by 3.sg
seçmen	Possession by 2.sg
süperpozisyonlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
bakirelikler	None
yolumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
kilisesinde	Possession by 3.sg
kurbanlarda	None
bazlar	None
kurtların	None
bilyeymişiz	None
yanıtı	Possession by 3.sg
çeviriyor	None
yıkıyordu	None
fırtınasından	Possession by 3.sg
düzenlenebilirliğimizi	Possession by 1.pl
kolonların	Possession by 2.sg
kenarı	Possession by 3.sg
kelimeden	None
filmlere	None
fikrimde	Possession by 3.pl
bulutlarda	None
gemisinden	Possession by 3.sg
yarımadasının	Possession by 3.sg
iletkende	None
penisilinler	None
akiferin	None
milyoneri	Possession by 3.sg
kütüğü	Possession by 3.sg
yasalarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
bitti	None
radyomdan	Possession by 3.pl
oyuncusunu	Possession by 3.sg
çapandan	Possession by 2.sg
telefonumu	Possession by 3.pl
çıktımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
sitemin	Possession by 3.pl
müezzini	Possession by 3.sg
imamımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
tiyatronun	Possession by 2.sg
görecekler	None
elipsinize	Possession by 2.pl
gölgem	Possession by 3.pl
albümlerden	None
sempozyuma	None
eziyeti	Possession by 3.sg
maçın	Possession by 2.sg
şerbetçilikler	None
övmüyordunuz	None
ıstakozu	Possession by 3.sg
geliştireceğim	None
hunisi	Possession by 3.sg
dişlilerin	Possession by 2.sg
izlencesini	Possession by 3.sg
izleği	Possession by 3.sg
görüşleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
karidesin	Possession by 2.sg
fakültemizde	Possession by 1.pl
devirin	Possession by 2.sg
şimallerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
işleve	None
delilerin	Possession by 2.sg
canlanmamıyorsun	None
acenteliği	None
basıma	Possession by 3.pl
fikirlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
körün	Possession by 2.sg
bataryanın	Possession by 2.sg
kitabesinden	Possession by 3.sg
giriyorsunuz	None
mermini	Possession by 2.sg
gişesi	Possession by 3.sg
neşemizi	Possession by 1.pl
işçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
islerden	None
üreticilerimden	Possession by 3.pl
uçurtmanın	Possession by 2.sg
kavimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
popa	None
çıktının	Possession by 2.sg
heyecanlandınız	None
algoritması	Possession by 3.sg
satrancıma	Possession by 3.pl
çarşılar	None
alev	None
dublörün	Possession by 2.sg
asasına	Possession by 3.sg
başkanlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
peltelerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
sayfamızı	Possession by 1.pl
teşkilatlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
yeniliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
sökmüyorum	None
sayfamızdan	Possession by 1.pl
silahlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
müsaadesine	Possession by 3.sg
radarda	None
tarağı	None
seviyorlardı	None
çarı	Possession by 3.sg
bataryaların	Possession by 2.sg
kertenkeleler	None
yanlışım	None
sayfasına	Possession by 3.sg
söğüdü	Possession by 3.sg
bakanımız	Possession by 1.pl
sürtüğünüze	Possession by 2.pl
oyuncuların	Possession by 2.sg
çarşafı	Possession by 3.sg
cevabımı	Possession by 3.pl
başvurumda	Possession by 3.pl
kapında	Possession by 2.sg
kirecin	Possession by 2.sg
hamburgerimize	Possession by 1.pl
gösterisinin	Possession by 3.sg
tayfasını	Possession by 3.sg
gidilmedik	None
mevzumuz	Possession by 1.pl
donmasını	Possession by 3.sg
sempozyumlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
doğunun	Possession by 2.sg
çözeltiye	None
sıralamasını	Possession by 3.sg
uzağa	None
yazmasının	Possession by 3.sg
ağlaması	Possession by 3.sg
albümde	None
dışkıların	Possession by 2.sg
şifonyerlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
gökdelene	None
bitmemize	Possession by 1.pl
demircilerimde	Possession by 3.pl
makinesinde	Possession by 3.sg
oğlunuz	Possession by 2.pl
koordinatın	Possession by 2.sg
bayılıyor	None
migrenin	Possession by 2.sg
kururlar	None
sisteme	None
sisteminizde	Possession by 2.pl
hapsim	Possession by 3.pl
gömleğe	None
sonuçlardır	None
duymaması	Possession by 3.sg
pelikanın	Possession by 2.sg
fokunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
duymama	Possession by 3.pl
yaralanmam	Possession by 3.pl
derlemesi	Possession by 3.sg
kokunun	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kavmim	Possession by 3.pl
yuvandan	Possession by 2.sg
bahçelerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
ecem	Possession by 3.pl
gösterin	Possession by 2.sg
çoğulu	Possession by 3.sg
bandajı	Possession by 3.sg
varoşlara	None
doğumu	Possession by 3.pl
uyarılarınız	Possession by 2.pl
vapurun	Possession by 2.sg
vefatın	Possession by 2.sg
imamın	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşi	Possession by 3.sg
kristal	None
yuvasından	Possession by 3.sg
ilerilerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
oyunuz	Possession by 2.pl
sevgilime	Possession by 3.pl
mesuliyetimden	Possession by 3.pl
yapbozun	Possession by 2.sg
arzın	None
radyomuzu	Possession by 1.pl
biseksüel	None
tuvaletlere	None
kutunun	Possession by 2.sg
karakterin	Possession by 2.sg
arzular	None
yönelimler	None
uyaracak	None
aldırmadı	None
düzeltir	None
pornosu	Possession by 3.sg
hükûmette	None
düşünüyordum	None
ucunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
dürbünü	Possession by 3.sg
ılımadık	None
yapmamın	Possession by 3.pl
uydularda	None
kılıfın	Possession by 2.sg
wikiler	None
intikamın	Possession by 2.sg
ülkenin	Possession by 2.sg
gözlemciler	None
kertenkeleleri	None
güreşçiydi	None
kaydın	Possession by 2.sg
vilayetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
önemimi	Possession by 3.pl
işkenceyi	None
aldatıyordu	None
görüşüm	Possession by 3.pl
kurbağacıkların	Possession by 2.sg
veterinere	None
uçakta	None
bulamadı	None
kardeşlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
sonsuzlukların	Possession by 2.sg
sağrılarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
klarnetin	Possession by 2.sg
menüden	None
ekranım	Possession by 3.pl
yaptın	None
silmiyor	None
kulak	None
doktorunuz	Possession by 2.pl
tulumun	Possession by 2.sg
bankası	Possession by 3.sg
fakültesine	Possession by 3.sg
sultanın	Possession by 2.sg
ayaklarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
güvercinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
torunu	Possession by 3.sg
borcu	Possession by 3.sg
etiketinizi	Possession by 2.pl
arpadan	None
samurumu	Possession by 3.pl
kuruturlar	None
filizler	None
sağduyusuna	Possession by 3.sg
makinalarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
durumlarım	Possession by 3.pl
doktoru	Possession by 3.sg
yamyamlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
büstün	Possession by 2.sg
ortaklardı	None
videonun	Possession by 2.sg
yetmezliği	Possession by 3.sg
yaratır	None
çekmeceleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
romanlarda	None
tanesinden	Possession by 3.sg
travmanın	Possession by 2.sg
güdümimizde	Possession by 1.pl
kolan	Possession by 2.sg
kesesinin	Possession by 3.sg
göçlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
meleği	Possession by 3.sg
baldız	None
ahtapotun	Possession by 2.sg
kalmayız	None
iğnelerin	Possession by 2.sg
tenisçisi	Possession by 3.sg
çılgınlığı	None
fotoğrafım	Possession by 3.pl
protestosunu	Possession by 3.sg
mayanın	Possession by 2.sg
çekici	Possession by 3.sg
kullanması	Possession by 3.sg
borcumu	Possession by 3.pl
bankasının	Possession by 3.sg
hastanesi	Possession by 3.sg
filozofun	Possession by 2.sg
kaptı	None
zombileri	None
çorbanın	Possession by 2.sg
kalamarı	Possession by 3.sg
kaza	None
sağduyuyu	None
masaların	Possession by 2.sg
yağmurlar	None
sözlüğü	Possession by 3.sg
ablan	Possession by 2.sg
kapakların	Possession by 2.sg
seçmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
platformların	Possession by 2.sg
külotlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
giysinin	Possession by 2.sg
sıkıntıyı	None
gerekecek	None
çorbasından	Possession by 3.sg
kahramanlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
filmlerim	Possession by 3.pl
tutkusu	Possession by 3.sg
bisikletimize	Possession by 1.pl
dikkatimi	Possession by 3.pl
ilaçların	Possession by 2.sg
pornolarım	Possession by 3.pl
gazetesine	Possession by 3.sg
basın	Possession by 2.sg
ikizlerin	Possession by 2.sg
huzurlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
yazıyorsunuz	None
çeyreğin	None
albümümüz	Possession by 1.pl
oldular	None
teşhislerden	None
abacınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kardeşin	Possession by 2.sg
jelatini	Possession by 3.sg
ucun	Possession by 2.sg
kimliğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
vedasının	Possession by 3.sg
kaçaklardan	None
aşıyor	None
makaraların	Possession by 2.sg
sitenizi	Possession by 2.pl
haberi	Possession by 3.sg
sayfanda	Possession by 2.sg
nedimesinin	Possession by 3.sg
yoldaşım	Possession by 3.pl
bilgiyi	None
canlandırmalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
süzgecimizden	Possession by 1.pl
deliklerden	None
kalbinizin	Possession by 2.pl
bakar	None
evrene	None
kitabesine	Possession by 3.sg
yüzmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
eğitimimi	Possession by 3.pl
balkanlardan	None
solucanın	Possession by 2.sg
sıralamasından	Possession by 3.sg
odaların	Possession by 2.sg
yasasında	Possession by 3.sg
kaşelerimin	Possession by 3.pl
öznesini	Possession by 3.sg
dervişi	Possession by 3.sg
yeterliliğin	Possession by 2.sg
meşelerin	Possession by 2.sg
ramazanınız	Possession by 2.pl
koruyucusunun	Possession by 3.sg
babaanneye	None
akına	Possession by 2.sg
hiperbolün	Possession by 2.sg
yasaların	Possession by 2.sg
peynirin	Possession by 2.sg
hacısı	Possession by 3.sg
yıldızda	None
tümcenin	Possession by 2.sg
bokslarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
tiyatrosunda	Possession by 3.sg
istemcilerin	Possession by 2.sg
filozofu	Possession by 3.sg
kırışıklıklarımın	Possession by 3.pl
kapatmam	None
dinlenmemem	Possession by 3.pl
dizinde	Possession by 2.sg
vidamdan	Possession by 3.pl
hazırdı	None
lenslerin	None
kolyemde	Possession by 3.pl
muhalefetin	Possession by 2.sg
kardelenler	None
deneylerin	Possession by 2.sg
kılavuzun	Possession by 2.sg
polislerin	Possession by 2.sg
karakterde	None
wikisinde	Possession by 3.sg
akşam	None
çöpleri	None
dadım	Possession by 3.pl
sağduyuya	None
yetkilerimi	Possession by 3.pl
dörtgenlerde	None
görmezler	None
tuştan	None
mobilyalardan	None
akreplerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
biplerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
totemi	Possession by 3.sg
topçumun	Possession by 3.pl
kazıların	Possession by 2.sg
dedikodusunu	Possession by 3.sg
kıblemi	Possession by 3.pl
albümlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sözleşmesinde	Possession by 3.sg
bayılırlar	None
hastalarda	None
ceylanı	Possession by 3.sg
çiftlerin	Possession by 2.sg
beyitler	None
iskenderi	Possession by 3.sg
uygulamasından	Possession by 3.sg
mukavemeti	None
bamyamıza	Possession by 1.pl
tarihçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
sunum	Possession by 3.pl
sinagogu	Possession by 3.sg
çalıştım	None
yanıtların	Possession by 2.sg
anketi	Possession by 3.sg
sporcuların	Possession by 2.sg
çadırı	Possession by 3.sg
vuracak	None
sünmezsiniz	None
cenazesinin	Possession by 3.sg
taklide	None
şiiri	None
yetiştiriyordu	None
algoritmasının	Possession by 3.sg
fındığın	Possession by 2.sg
fonksiyonu	Possession by 3.sg
mükemmellikte	None
mutfakların	Possession by 2.sg
cevherleri	None
şarkımın	Possession by 3.pl
cümlemi	Possession by 3.pl
yarışmasına	Possession by 3.sg
günümde	Possession by 3.pl
kolaylıkların	Possession by 2.sg
sindirimin	Possession by 2.sg
basım	Possession by 3.pl
omuzu	Possession by 3.sg
fotoğrafçılarımın	Possession by 3.pl
öğreniyordu	None
kafatasının	None
ortası	Possession by 3.sg
burnumu	Possession by 3.pl
çözeltisini	Possession by 3.sg
göl	None
ayakkabının	Possession by 2.sg
bitişi	Possession by 3.sg
ülkemde	Possession by 3.pl
konunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
bastırması	Possession by 3.sg
hızı	Possession by 3.sg
kurtardık	None
avukatın	Possession by 2.sg
öksürüğümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
öykülerde	None
kazısını	Possession by 3.sg
alanı	Possession by 3.sg
tasarımım	Possession by 3.pl
sürgünden	None
vedamı	Possession by 3.pl
devi	Possession by 3.sg
grubunuz	Possession by 2.pl
dağıtımlar	None
hücrelerin	Possession by 2.sg
cümlenize	Possession by 2.pl
yetkisinin	Possession by 3.sg
şamdanların	Possession by 2.sg
algoritmamızı	Possession by 1.pl
kanunların	Possession by 2.sg
nergislerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
kırbacı	Possession by 3.sg
şirketimizin	Possession by 1.pl
tekdilliliğinize	Possession by 2.pl
cismin	Possession by 2.sg
avokadonun	Possession by 2.sg
kapımı	Possession by 3.pl
deneyiniz	Possession by 2.pl
numaralamamanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
gönderiyorum	None
bencilliğe	None
maç	None
mumluğa	None
üyesi	Possession by 3.sg
şüpheniz	Possession by 2.pl
çimkemizi	Possession by 1.pl
yakasından	Possession by 3.sg
tanımda	Possession by 3.pl
ülken	Possession by 2.sg
almanak	None
kullanıcısın	None
meşalesi	Possession by 3.sg
eklerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
külahı	Possession by 3.sg
sebebimin	Possession by 3.pl
semercisi	Possession by 3.sg
omlet	None
değişiyordu	None
terzilerimi	Possession by 3.pl
etlerim	Possession by 3.pl
bugünlerin	Possession by 2.sg
küpesi	Possession by 3.sg
şikayetlerde	None
terapist	None
hatamızı	Possession by 1.pl
dövmede	None
dişlerin	Possession by 2.sg
karısından	Possession by 3.sg
sorunda	Possession by 2.sg
şarkın	Possession by 2.sg
çama	None
basketbolcuların	Possession by 2.sg
baldızın	Possession by 2.sg
çökeleği	Possession by 3.sg
bacaya	None
çalışmanız	Possession by 2.pl
gününüz	Possession by 2.pl
uykularda	None
kullanmanın	Possession by 2.sg
canlandırır	None
bükülmesi	Possession by 3.sg
avcının	Possession by 2.sg
sihirbazı	Possession by 3.sg
memleketimin	Possession by 3.pl
güvenin	Possession by 2.sg
bahçenin	Possession by 2.sg
güreşçinin	Possession by 2.sg
beşgenden	None
binekmiş	None
sempozyumu	Possession by 3.sg
deneyin	Possession by 2.sg
basmaz	None
evrenimiz	Possession by 1.pl
mühendislerden	None
yayıncılıklarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
ısılarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
kırar	None
eksikliğe	None
nosyonu	Possession by 3.sg
dalgası	Possession by 3.sg
hamtlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
dakikaların	Possession by 2.sg
lisanın	Possession by 2.sg
deliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kitabeme	Possession by 3.pl
savaşların	Possession by 2.sg
asetonun	Possession by 2.sg
yerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
vajina	None
madenden	None
haberlerime	Possession by 3.pl
polenin	Possession by 2.sg
başvurunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
yumurtasının	Possession by 3.sg
bakiri	Possession by 3.sg
gemisinin	Possession by 3.sg
neşesi	Possession by 3.sg
yarışmanın	Possession by 2.sg
yağışınız	Possession by 2.pl
ortaklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
anneliği	None
düşmanlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kelimesinden	Possession by 3.sg
değirmeni	Possession by 3.sg
maşası	Possession by 3.sg
bozayına	Possession by 2.sg
uyuşturucuların	Possession by 2.sg
kilerin	Possession by 2.sg
hapisleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
ilişkimiz	Possession by 1.pl
tiyatrosunun	Possession by 3.sg
kovboyun	Possession by 2.sg
cephede	None
öksürüğün	Possession by 2.sg
birliğimde	Possession by 3.pl
hastanesinde	Possession by 3.sg
soğudu	None
termometresini	Possession by 3.sg
hücresine	Possession by 3.sg
yıldırımların	Possession by 2.sg
hissi	Possession by 3.sg
yelkenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sıralaması	Possession by 3.sg
güvensizliğin	Possession by 2.sg
bilgim	Possession by 3.pl
şortum	Possession by 3.pl
lügatçemiz	Possession by 1.pl
fırınlarmışız	None
mandallarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
yolcusunu	Possession by 3.sg
ketçaplarımda	Possession by 3.pl
makinenden	Possession by 2.sg
ortamda	Possession by 3.pl
satışın	Possession by 2.sg
mutsuzmuşlar	None
uyarımın	Possession by 3.pl
telaffuzun	Possession by 2.sg
cibinliklerinize	Possession by 2.pl
doğuya	None
mutluluktan	None
sunularmışsın	None
sayfamızda	Possession by 1.pl
dilimlere	None
neşenin	Possession by 2.sg
doğuma	Possession by 3.pl
kaynacı	Possession by 3.sg
mevzumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
bıktım	None
fonksiyonların	Possession by 2.sg
puanımın	Possession by 3.pl
fitili	Possession by 3.sg
yetkilerimde	Possession by 3.pl
teoremlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bereket	None
enjektörü	Possession by 3.sg
simidin	Possession by 2.sg
yazmada	None
günahı	Possession by 3.sg
kervansaraylar	None
meşrubatımız	Possession by 1.pl
yaratmasında	Possession by 3.sg
garajın	Possession by 2.sg
meleklerin	Possession by 2.sg
giriyordu	None
kuyruğu	Possession by 3.sg
sezonu	Possession by 3.sg
sporcuya	None
rakımı	Possession by 3.pl
geyin	Possession by 2.sg
türemiyordu	None
temsilin	Possession by 2.sg
yarışmasını	Possession by 3.sg
ısılarda	None
arzusunun	Possession by 3.sg
sorumluluğuma	Possession by 3.pl
istiyoruz	None
sorunuz	Possession by 2.pl
yakaya	None
menüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
çıktıya	None
geliştirdik	None
mühendislere	None
baharların	None
uydum	Possession by 3.pl
dakikalara	None
mamalarımı	Possession by 3.pl
değişiklikler	None
çirkin	None
saçınızı	Possession by 2.pl
klitorisin	Possession by 2.sg
röportajın	Possession by 2.sg
deveye	None
külahın	Possession by 2.sg
sarılacaksınız	None
büyüklüklere	None
yağışlardan	None
mukavemette	None
eksikliği	Possession by 3.sg
yönelmeye	None
yıldızımıza	Possession by 1.pl
sözlüklerin	Possession by 2.sg
yardımcısından	Possession by 3.sg
eniştelerimi	Possession by 3.pl
topolojisi	Possession by 3.sg
şampiyonlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
kaydedicisi	Possession by 3.sg
verinin	Possession by 2.sg
işçilerde	None
avcısının	Possession by 3.sg
banliyösünün	Possession by 3.sg
taksilerin	Possession by 2.sg
horlamıyor	None
beldemiz	Possession by 1.pl
romanım	Possession by 3.pl
alameti	Possession by 3.sg
kameraların	Possession by 2.sg
ateşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
vampirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yardıma	None
harcın	Possession by 2.sg
ilimlerden	None
kolyenin	Possession by 2.sg
musonları	None
tanrım	Possession by 3.pl
listenizi	Possession by 2.pl
sorumluluğunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
televizyonun	Possession by 2.sg
bayım	Possession by 3.pl
röpörtajda	None
varıyorum	None
yaralanmasından	Possession by 3.sg
yaralanmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
haritaya	None
minaresini	Possession by 3.sg
kefaleti	Possession by 3.sg
özetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kurbağacığımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
tarifi	Possession by 3.sg
embriyo	None
fikrime	Possession by 3.pl
omurgalar	None
onurumuz	Possession by 1.pl
biseksüellerin	Possession by 2.sg
boku	Possession by 3.sg
dizisinden	Possession by 3.sg
nedeniniz	Possession by 2.pl
yeniliğimi	Possession by 3.pl
balıkçılar	None
belediyesinin	Possession by 3.sg
çarşının	Possession by 2.sg
nura	None
değişkenin	Possession by 2.sg
harçlığı	Possession by 3.sg
avukatların	Possession by 2.sg
yollarda	None
kullandım	None
dinçlik	None
yumurtalığın	Possession by 2.sg
rehberim	Possession by 3.pl
derinden	Possession by 2.sg
polisin	Possession by 2.sg
doğumdan	Possession by 3.pl
kuruluma	Possession by 3.pl
sınamıyorum	None
pusulana	Possession by 2.sg
gezdim	None
satıyor	None
kozmonotların	Possession by 2.sg
pişer	None
işlerim	None
uygulamasını	Possession by 3.sg
öyküymüşüz	None
gazeli	Possession by 3.sg
amacımın	Possession by 3.pl
yabancım	Possession by 3.pl
sunucusunun	Possession by 3.sg
yakının	Possession by 2.sg
saçlarım	Possession by 3.pl
zamanınız	Possession by 2.pl
ayakkabıların	Possession by 2.sg
taştılar	None
milimetrenin	Possession by 2.sg
tütün	Possession by 2.sg
sargının	Possession by 2.sg
kedilere	None
sekmesinin	Possession by 3.sg
devim	Possession by 3.pl
zombiler	None
smileyin	Possession by 2.sg
zorluklar	None
işçisine	Possession by 3.sg
bileği	Possession by 3.sg
bakmamız	Possession by 1.pl
birliği	Possession by 3.sg
arzusunda	Possession by 3.sg
göçlerin	Possession by 2.sg
işlemcisinin	Possession by 3.sg
cebimde	Possession by 3.pl
ölüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
fonksiyondan	None
sempozyumda	None
koşuluyordu	None
dışımda	Possession by 3.pl
lokantaların	Possession by 2.sg
tipi	Possession by 3.sg
hastalık	None
kalesinin	Possession by 3.sg
radyosunu	Possession by 3.sg
çizgisini	Possession by 3.sg
ayaklarımın	Possession by 3.pl
öğretimde	Possession by 3.pl
pimlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
eteğin	Possession by 2.sg
çıraklarmış	None
oltalardan	None
örümceklerimden	Possession by 3.pl
sapanlarmışsın	None
kazdılar	None
silahınıza	Possession by 2.pl
fıstığı	Possession by 3.sg
giysisinde	Possession by 3.sg
sitesine	Possession by 3.sg
medresenin	Possession by 2.sg
sözcüklerde	None
kotu	Possession by 3.sg
körfezimize	Possession by 1.pl
kuklaya	None
yıkarlar	None
çeteyi	None
kravatımda	Possession by 3.pl
karidesi	Possession by 3.sg
derneğimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kalkandan	None
fakültesinden	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
tatilden	None
kulağı	Possession by 3.sg
bardaklarım	Possession by 3.pl
geyiği	Possession by 3.sg
müzelere	None
balinalarmışım	None
haberlerde	None
yöresinin	Possession by 3.sg
avcısını	Possession by 3.sg
dirim	None
portakalı	Possession by 3.sg
oltamda	Possession by 3.pl
sistemimiz	Possession by 1.pl
eğileceksin	None
gidilmedi	None
platformda	None
balıklarımda	Possession by 3.pl
inlerim	Possession by 3.pl
dokayacak	None
sorumsuzluğu	Possession by 3.sg
noktasının	Possession by 3.sg
üyeliği	Possession by 3.sg
dansçılardan	None
gübrenin	Possession by 2.sg
kodları	None
kenarlarda	None
polisim	Possession by 3.pl
Vikipedi	None
kelimecikler	None
ilerisini	Possession by 3.sg
aşığım	Possession by 3.pl
telaffuzda	None
kalbimizde	Possession by 1.pl
çorbasına	Possession by 3.sg
ağı	Possession by 3.sg
sunucunun	Possession by 2.sg
aştık	None
aletin	Possession by 2.sg
kaldırımı	Possession by 3.sg
kuyumuz	Possession by 1.pl
hikayeye	None
karı	Possession by 3.sg
görüşüme	Possession by 3.pl
ibneliğim	Possession by 3.pl
düşmanlarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
av	None
sunusu	Possession by 3.sg
şahısların	Possession by 2.sg
balıkların	Possession by 2.sg
ettirtecek	None
kistimizin	Possession by 1.pl
krep	None
eziyetçilerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
durumun	Possession by 2.sg
pastırması	Possession by 3.sg
gelişti	None
ağaçlar	None
koordinatlar	None
hamamlar	None
fıstığın	Possession by 2.sg
çili	Possession by 3.sg
ilmi	Possession by 3.sg
referansım	Possession by 3.pl
sevgilimi	Possession by 3.pl
mutfağın	Possession by 2.sg
çiftin	Possession by 2.sg
örüyordum	None
mikrop	None
kozanın	Possession by 2.sg
şapkacılarımda	Possession by 3.pl
aikidolarım	Possession by 3.pl
saka	None
meşrubatlar	None
ayırmam	None
kesene	Possession by 2.sg
gerisinde	Possession by 3.sg
bilgini	Possession by 2.sg
sekmenin	Possession by 2.sg
verimi	Possession by 3.pl
uyardı	None
sürücüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
derslerin	Possession by 2.sg
bloga	None
karnım	Possession by 3.pl
tepkimelerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
bakanı	Possession by 3.sg
onuru	Possession by 3.sg
kurtarır	None
uygulamam	Possession by 3.pl
senaryonun	Possession by 2.sg
yapbozunuz	Possession by 2.pl
peyniri	Possession by 3.sg
öbeği	Possession by 3.sg
demiyorsun	None
peynirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
frekanslardan	None
mantığınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kazısının	Possession by 3.sg
kullanıcıda	None
topluluklar	None
âşığın	Possession by 2.sg
eldiveni	Possession by 3.sg
kıyameti	Possession by 3.sg
yardımcılıklarımız	Possession by 1.pl
şaşmıyorsunuz	None
yağmanın	Possession by 2.sg
kimliğinizi	Possession by 2.pl
karnın	Possession by 2.sg
ışıklardan	None
kazısı	Possession by 3.sg
memleketlerin	Possession by 2.sg
makyajlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
sınavın	None
izledin	None
masalların	Possession by 2.sg
ısırıklarda	None
tecrübeler	None
keçiyi	None
yırttık	None
uyarısında	Possession by 3.sg
aynasına	Possession by 3.sg
anarşinin	None
cibinliğinizin	Possession by 2.pl
kedim	Possession by 3.pl
yaralanmasına	Possession by 3.sg
striptizimin	Possession by 3.pl
hülyamızı	Possession by 1.pl
demircilerin	Possession by 2.sg
similyalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
kuzusu	Possession by 3.sg
boyamadın	None
kirişi	Possession by 3.sg
çökeltilerden	None
maymunların	Possession by 2.sg
çalgının	Possession by 2.sg
evleniyordu	None
krizlerin	Possession by 2.sg
eylemlerde	None
işlemcisi	Possession by 3.sg
kasıma	Possession by 3.pl
korsanların	Possession by 2.sg
oyuncağı	Possession by 3.sg
odağı	Possession by 3.sg
külün	Possession by 2.sg
hızımız	Possession by 1.pl
çalışmamı	Possession by 3.pl
topolojinden	Possession by 2.sg
demiyorum	None
fakültenin	Possession by 2.sg
patronun	Possession by 2.sg
grubumuz	Possession by 1.pl
beldemizde	Possession by 1.pl
gözlemler	None
boşalmayacaksın	None
sinekliğimizin	Possession by 1.pl
bölerler	None
dalağın	Possession by 2.sg
çetelerin	Possession by 2.sg
makyajı	Possession by 3.sg
girdabınız	Possession by 2.pl
akciğerlerin	Possession by 2.sg
aşığın	Possession by 2.sg
durağın	Possession by 2.sg
sayımda	None
tarafımın	Possession by 3.pl
yumurtasını	Possession by 3.sg
deposunda	Possession by 3.sg
askerimize	Possession by 1.pl
omletlerden	None
bitmeye	None
birleşmesi	Possession by 3.sg
doğurmaz	None
güçlük	None
yapıyorlar	None
dünya	None
tenisçilerin	Possession by 2.sg
uzaylılara	None
albümümün	Possession by 3.pl
samurayların	None
çiftlikler	None
karantinalarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
hırsızlar	None
dikkatinizi	Possession by 2.pl
kazmanız	Possession by 2.pl
kıymetler	None
cenazelere	None
teni	Possession by 3.sg
çarşımın	Possession by 3.pl
fakiri	Possession by 3.sg
bölümü	Possession by 3.sg
kanatlara	None
günlerim	Possession by 3.pl
kilimimiz	Possession by 1.pl
banka	None
cisimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sivilcesi	Possession by 3.sg
kalıplarımız	Possession by 1.pl
göçmüşler	None
gitmesi	Possession by 3.sg
viskilerin	Possession by 2.sg
bitmenin	Possession by 2.sg
gizlerler	None
aşkımızda	Possession by 1.pl
doktorumuz	Possession by 1.pl
kaplumbağaların	Possession by 2.sg
otosundan	Possession by 3.sg
yaptırıyordu	None
çubuklardan	None
önerime	Possession by 3.pl
mühendislerin	Possession by 2.sg
sporcularımız	Possession by 1.pl
yazacaksınız	None
müracaatınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
yolcularımda	Possession by 3.pl
yolum	Possession by 3.pl
burnu	Possession by 3.sg
yanıtlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
çakılı	Possession by 3.sg
girmediniz	None
uyarılarıma	Possession by 3.pl
yerim	Possession by 3.pl
yazmana	Possession by 2.sg
ayakkabıymışsın	None
fareydik	None
derleyicilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yörüngenin	Possession by 2.sg
vurgusuna	Possession by 3.sg
yaratmasını	Possession by 3.sg
menüsünden	Possession by 3.sg
keçinin	Possession by 2.sg
bankın	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerime	Possession by 3.pl
çiftliklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
tatlılardır	None
türeve	None
erimesi	Possession by 3.sg
söyleşisi	Possession by 3.sg
polenlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
bacaklardan	None
çapan	Possession by 2.sg
kılığı	Possession by 3.sg
kâsesinde	Possession by 3.sg
feribotun	Possession by 2.sg
yorumlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
tatlıların	Possession by 2.sg
dalarlar	None
sürünün	Possession by 2.sg
jölesi	Possession by 3.sg
lokantasında	Possession by 3.sg
kitabesi	Possession by 3.sg
butonlara	None
mezuniyetin	Possession by 2.sg
yörelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
bölgesinde	Possession by 3.sg
gecesini	Possession by 3.sg
kromozomun	Possession by 2.sg
isimden	Possession by 3.pl
müşterilerden	None
gösteriniz	Possession by 2.pl
papatya	None
lügatçesine	Possession by 3.sg
devinimin	Possession by 2.sg
mumluklarımın	Possession by 3.pl
sununun	Possession by 2.sg
mıhlarım	Possession by 3.pl
tayfasından	Possession by 3.sg
frenimizin	Possession by 1.pl
cümlelerin	Possession by 2.sg
hasret	None
ilâçlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
başlangıcı	Possession by 3.sg
yalanlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
iğnemi	Possession by 3.pl
kullanmasını	Possession by 3.sg
işletmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
camimizin	Possession by 1.pl
amacımıza	Possession by 1.pl
sorumluluğu	Possession by 3.sg
aş	None
gelmeleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
kupürlerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
mezarlığı	Possession by 3.sg
tekilası	Possession by 3.sg
ettiriyor	None
asansöre	None
bilgilerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
tarafım	Possession by 3.pl
seyahati	Possession by 3.sg
sekmesi	Possession by 3.sg
peynirlerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
dinlenmesini	Possession by 3.sg
numaralama	None
derleyicisini	Possession by 3.sg
mayası	Possession by 3.sg
ısım	Possession by 3.pl
üyesini	Possession by 3.sg
iğnesini	Possession by 3.sg
biçimi	Possession by 3.sg
incirin	Possession by 2.sg
koyacağız	None
babalılarmışsınız	None
kanala	None
ısısından	Possession by 3.sg
saksafonun	Possession by 2.sg
tabancası	Possession by 3.sg
örtüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
ısısı	Possession by 3.sg
şakaların	Possession by 2.sg
indiriminizde	Possession by 2.pl
geliri	Possession by 3.sg
efem	Possession by 3.pl
kristalleri	None
gözyaşları	None
sisin	Possession by 2.sg
sistemimizde	Possession by 1.pl
manasının	Possession by 3.sg
erimez	None
geyim	Possession by 3.pl
iblisinize	Possession by 2.pl
makinasının	Possession by 3.sg
yazmasını	Possession by 3.sg
yalancılıklarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
sunmuyor	None
anasonu	Possession by 3.sg
öğretisinde	Possession by 3.sg
ölümdü	None
dirilmeeceksiniz	None
fırçasının	Possession by 3.sg
etkiliyordu	None
yalıtımı	Possession by 3.sg
alevlerin	Possession by 2.sg
verniklemelerimde	Possession by 3.pl
dizesini	Possession by 3.sg
amacın	Possession by 2.sg
bilgisi	Possession by 3.sg
omuz	None
kırıklara	None
okyanuslar	None
temsilde	None
barajların	Possession by 2.sg
keçisini	Possession by 3.sg
şırıngalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
leyleği	Possession by 3.sg
ölüme	Possession by 3.pl
çökeleğimden	Possession by 3.pl
isyanı	Possession by 3.sg
bükmenizden	Possession by 2.pl
önerin	Possession by 2.sg
düşüyorlardı	None
kasabınız	Possession by 2.pl
balamoza	None
sayfaların	Possession by 2.sg
bükülmesini	Possession by 3.sg
maskenin	Possession by 2.sg
voleybolcuda	None
kehribarın	Possession by 2.sg
vücutta	None
başkanın	Possession by 2.sg
sorularınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kamussun	None
kozana	Possession by 2.sg
yengeçlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
otomobillerde	None
ömrümü	Possession by 3.pl
aktrislerin	Possession by 2.sg
sözlük	None
yönelime	None
lenslere	None
kamuslarız	None
çıban	None
büyük	None
gübrelerden	None
yuvam	Possession by 3.pl
canlandırmıyordunuz	None
eklerin	Possession by 2.sg
bileşiği	Possession by 3.sg
sucuğu	Possession by 3.sg
yumuşakçaların	Possession by 2.sg
prototip	None
kokusunda	Possession by 3.sg
sahnesinin	Possession by 3.sg
ürünümüz	Possession by 1.pl
sınırlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
ortayı	None
uyarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kararımın	Possession by 3.pl
raketlere	None
çobanların	Possession by 2.sg
fikrim	Possession by 3.pl
ilişkisinden	Possession by 3.sg
derlemesine	Possession by 3.sg
dönüyorlardı	None
körfezlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bölgemize	Possession by 1.pl
odamda	Possession by 3.pl
sayfalardan	None
votkama	Possession by 3.pl
ramazanımızda	Possession by 1.pl
yönelmenin	None
sirklerin	Possession by 2.sg
tutkun	Possession by 2.sg
kastanyetlerden	None
boğazın	Possession by 2.sg
yatağın	Possession by 2.sg
kuyusuna	Possession by 3.sg
sinagogun	Possession by 2.sg
dedikodunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
müzisyenimizin	Possession by 1.pl
otomobil	None
derilerin	Possession by 2.sg
çeliklerime	Possession by 3.pl
sorularıma	Possession by 3.pl
tecrübesinden	Possession by 3.sg
tutkuydum	None
yoldan	None
idaresini	Possession by 3.sg
köylülerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
evlat	None
terzisi	Possession by 3.sg
yarımadası	Possession by 3.sg
üzümü	Possession by 3.sg
geyşanın	Possession by 2.sg
kamusu	Possession by 3.sg
sözcülüklerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
gelmeniz	Possession by 2.pl
kutularda	None
katar	None
reaktörümüze	Possession by 1.pl
ziyareti	Possession by 3.sg
maskesinde	Possession by 3.sg
bütünün	Possession by 2.sg
başrahibi	Possession by 3.sg
dağıtırlar	None
mektubu	Possession by 3.sg
kasların	Possession by 2.sg
yarasanın	Possession by 2.sg
salahiyetinize	Possession by 2.pl
gitmesine	Possession by 3.sg
objenin	Possession by 2.sg
ilişkini	Possession by 2.sg
eben	Possession by 2.sg
uykudan	None
üyelerimize	Possession by 1.pl
allıkta	None
tarihçisi	Possession by 3.sg
cephesi	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübesinin	Possession by 3.sg
imambayıldılarımda	Possession by 3.pl
midyenize	Possession by 2.pl
bakirmişler	None
kahramanlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
evrimin	Possession by 2.sg
faresinde	Possession by 3.sg
cemaatlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bankıma	Possession by 3.pl
önümde	Possession by 3.pl
bloglardan	None
bacısı	Possession by 3.sg
duyusunun	Possession by 3.sg
memleketi	Possession by 3.sg
lehçelerin	Possession by 2.sg
lunapark	None
üyeliğinizin	Possession by 2.pl
kahvesini	Possession by 3.sg
videosunu	Possession by 3.sg
hücresini	Possession by 3.sg
hastanın	Possession by 2.sg
kulüplerde	None
haritanın	Possession by 2.sg
kanatlar	None
toplumumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
esenliklerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
hudut	None
masumiyetin	Possession by 2.sg
yerinize	Possession by 2.pl
doğarlar	None
dalgasından	Possession by 3.sg
tecrübeden	None
ayrımcılığımızın	Possession by 1.pl
yoldurtmayacaklar	None
reaktörlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ayaklarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
emlakçıların	Possession by 2.sg
seker	None
roketler	None
sorumluluğun	Possession by 2.sg
gitmeyi	None
bandajımız	Possession by 1.pl
mikrofonun	None
konusu	Possession by 3.sg
maskeler	None
sürür	None
dışlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
koy	None
soyuyorlar	None
yumurtası	Possession by 3.sg
metresinize	Possession by 2.pl
üyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
süsü	Possession by 3.sg
vücutlarda	None
derleyiciyi	None
içgüdüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
şahısın	Possession by 2.sg
eğitimim	Possession by 3.pl
dehşetin	Possession by 2.sg
kazına	Possession by 2.sg
büzlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
cevabım	Possession by 3.pl
tekila	None
yardımıma	Possession by 3.pl
oyuncağın	Possession by 2.sg
toplarda	None
teşhisin	Possession by 2.sg
batıyordu	None
dağlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
dondurması	Possession by 3.sg
acemisi	Possession by 3.sg
araçlar	None
kulakların	Possession by 2.sg
türünde	Possession by 2.sg
eziyetçinizde	Possession by 2.pl
sorusu	Possession by 3.sg
yarımadasına	Possession by 3.sg
nefreti	Possession by 3.sg
gündöndümden	Possession by 3.pl
saçıyorduk	None
işlemcisinden	Possession by 3.sg
geçmişler	None
falcımızda	Possession by 1.pl
gömleğin	Possession by 2.sg
sirkleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
yasakların	Possession by 2.sg
kızlıklarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
arşivden	None
dindarlığın	Possession by 2.sg
dağılmasının	Possession by 3.sg
eşeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
öçlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanıcısı	Possession by 3.sg
ülkesine	Possession by 3.sg
değişiklikleri	None
köylülerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
görüntüsünden	Possession by 3.sg
yorumum	Possession by 3.pl
izolasyonların	Possession by 2.sg
animasyonların	Possession by 2.sg
dönüşlerin	Possession by 2.sg
gösterinin	Possession by 2.sg
yoğurtçun	Possession by 2.sg
düğmeyi	None
bilmiyordu	None
şüphem	Possession by 3.pl
hatamız	Possession by 1.pl
çiftten	None
kullanmıyoruz	None
bankı	Possession by 3.sg
kedilerden	None
biliyorsun	None
çığırtkanlarsın	None
savundular	None
volkanizması	Possession by 3.sg
bakmasına	Possession by 3.sg
kararır	None
başvurusunda	Possession by 3.sg
bıçaklara	None
görüntüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
bacaklara	None
hülyanızın	Possession by 2.pl
takımı	Possession by 3.pl
listem	Possession by 3.pl
dileği	Possession by 3.sg
seçenekten	None
sosisli	None
kıçı	Possession by 3.sg
hatasını	Possession by 3.sg
dehşeti	Possession by 3.sg
dumanların	Possession by 2.sg
tercihimizi	Possession by 1.pl
çizgisinden	Possession by 3.sg
işlemiyor	None
fırtınasında	Possession by 3.sg
hücreyi	None
yazıtta	None
tanın	Possession by 2.sg
cihazı	Possession by 3.sg
helvası	Possession by 3.sg
kuvvetlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
karakterimiz	Possession by 1.pl
gemilerin	Possession by 2.sg
omuzda	None
karakterinizi	Possession by 2.pl
cevizlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
yağmanızın	Possession by 2.pl
vişnenin	Possession by 2.sg
asitlerin	Possession by 2.sg
eğrilere	None
ağan	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencisini	Possession by 3.sg
geçmenizi	Possession by 2.pl
ağaçlarda	None
kullanıcım	Possession by 3.pl
benzeriz	None
sarımsaklarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
fırtınasına	Possession by 3.sg
çölü	Possession by 3.sg
yarımadasında	Possession by 3.sg
böğürtlenler	None
sitemizin	Possession by 1.pl
cücenin	Possession by 2.sg
hacıların	Possession by 2.sg
yorumlarıma	Possession by 3.pl
yağışlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
korkmuyor	None
duruyorum	None
gübrelere	None
kanunumuza	Possession by 1.pl
simyacı	None
pusulalarmışsın	None
kozası	Possession by 3.sg
sinagoglarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
mitokondrilerden	None
kuralımızı	Possession by 1.pl
dizilerin	Possession by 2.sg
yorumlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
anket	None
yelkenimde	Possession by 3.pl
monologlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
Yahudiydi	None
efenin	Possession by 2.sg
patlamaları	None
kazanıyorum	None
geçmeme	Possession by 3.pl
solunumlarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
saldırıyordu	None
yoğurtçunun	Possession by 2.sg
kuyunun	Possession by 2.sg
frizbilerin	Possession by 2.sg
kaderin	Possession by 2.sg
mezrası	Possession by 3.sg
alıcınız	Possession by 2.pl
cevizi	Possession by 3.sg
tabanı	Possession by 3.sg
politikaların	None
tanı	Possession by 3.sg
modasının	Possession by 3.sg
aşiret	None
elmanın	Possession by 2.sg
efelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
sonuçsun	None
yangınlarda	None
limonu	Possession by 3.sg
nilüferlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
söyleşiyi	None
korkarlar	None
yabancılarmışız	None
similyasını	Possession by 3.sg
kapasitesinden	Possession by 3.sg
botaniğin	None
şüphesi	Possession by 3.sg
teklifin	Possession by 2.sg
savaşımızda	Possession by 1.pl
seyahatin	Possession by 2.sg
gecesinin	Possession by 3.sg
havuzun	Possession by 2.sg
kurulun	Possession by 2.sg
ağıtların	Possession by 2.sg
haç	None
varırız	None
önemlilik	None
cihazlarda	None
kullanmasından	Possession by 3.sg
derslere	None
şahın	Possession by 2.sg
çipin	Possession by 2.sg
tabancaların	Possession by 2.sg
koordinata	None
tercih	None
sınıfın	Possession by 2.sg
kararım	Possession by 3.pl
meleğin	Possession by 2.sg
körü	Possession by 3.sg
kibirlere	None
ananaslarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
dedeye	None
başvurunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
supabı	Possession by 3.sg
malım	Possession by 3.pl
olmayacaksın	None
tiyatron	Possession by 2.sg
geciktirirsin	None
kalem	Possession by 3.pl
çapımda	Possession by 3.pl
takar	None
objelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kaşın	Possession by 2.sg
yolcusu	Possession by 3.sg
dişlilerimize	Possession by 1.pl
homurtunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
tayfası	Possession by 3.sg
albatroslar	None
çorabı	Possession by 3.sg
omletlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
belediyelerin	Possession by 2.sg
garsonun	Possession by 2.sg
oynatıcıların	Possession by 2.sg
dişi	Possession by 3.sg
çıktıların	Possession by 2.sg
düşmanımız	Possession by 1.pl
derisinin	Possession by 3.sg
külahlar	None
lunaparkı	Possession by 3.sg
çerçin	Possession by 2.sg
söker	None
kurbanlardan	None
satmıyordunuz	None
kısalığı	Possession by 3.sg
tenisçiye	None
görüntüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
çürümeyeceksiniz	None
müzisyenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sıralamalara	None
karılarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
zulmü	Possession by 3.sg
dalgalara	None
müzikale	None
piyanosuna	Possession by 3.sg
çakılların	Possession by 2.sg
otu	Possession by 3.sg
arkadaşlıkların	Possession by 2.sg
mobilyamızın	Possession by 1.pl
durağı	Possession by 3.sg
cininizi	Possession by 2.pl
verdik	None
sınırımız	Possession by 1.pl
kafataslarını	None
şikâyetlerim	Possession by 3.pl
oltalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
buharlaşacağım	None
kolonyanın	Possession by 2.sg
derneklerin	Possession by 2.sg
sunucusunu	Possession by 3.sg
ramazanlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
manana	Possession by 2.sg
arkadaşlığıma	Possession by 3.pl
disleksi	None
sürücüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
doktorum	Possession by 3.pl
videosunun	Possession by 3.sg
devrimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tatlılardan	None
yaklaşırlar	None
uçurtmayı	None
öyküsü	Possession by 3.sg
ışığı	Possession by 3.sg
hendesenin	Possession by 2.sg
tarafı	Possession by 3.sg
akında	Possession by 2.sg
burkmam	None
kazasının	Possession by 3.sg
vurgunu	Possession by 2.sg
yayımcılığınıza	Possession by 2.pl
arıyor	None
puanlar	None
gününüzde	Possession by 2.pl
kırıyor	None
aseksüel	None
öğütmeyeceğiz	None
şaşırttıracaksın	None
malın	Possession by 2.sg
helvam	Possession by 3.pl
akrabasından	Possession by 3.sg
mayamız	Possession by 1.pl
lunaparkmışız	None
hahamlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
işlemedi	None
zamanımı	Possession by 3.pl
domateslerin	Possession by 2.sg
yapmasından	Possession by 3.sg
rahiplerdim	None
akdoğana	None
derecelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kitabesinde	Possession by 3.sg
noktam	Possession by 3.pl
banklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
kemanın	Possession by 2.sg
gelmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
karakterlere	None
börülcelerden	None
sekti	None
okulumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
eziyetimizin	Possession by 1.pl
işletmen	Possession by 2.sg
başlangıçların	Possession by 2.sg
içliklerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
vampirin	Possession by 2.sg
bohçası	Possession by 3.sg
şallardan	None
gitmenizi	Possession by 2.pl
maması	Possession by 3.sg
modellere	None
bakanların	Possession by 2.sg
giderinize	Possession by 2.pl
kurbağaların	Possession by 2.sg
garajı	Possession by 3.sg
şarkıcıymışlar	None
görüşlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
kartalı	Possession by 3.sg
adımda	Possession by 3.pl
çekirdeğin	Possession by 2.sg
şerbetçiliklerden	None
tabiyet	None
somu	None
katalogların	Possession by 2.sg
okudun	None
yelkeni	Possession by 3.sg
sürekliliği	Possession by 3.sg
kullanmanız	Possession by 2.pl
kullanmamıza	Possession by 1.pl
sayfanızı	Possession by 2.pl
orangutanı	Possession by 3.sg
gübrelerimden	Possession by 3.pl
böceklerim	Possession by 3.pl
simidi	Possession by 3.sg
dumanın	Possession by 2.sg
nedenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
temsilciliklersin	None
misketin	Possession by 2.sg
etiketlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ejderhalarsınız	None
yarasalarım	Possession by 3.pl
kesenin	Possession by 2.sg
içeceklerin	Possession by 2.sg
kıyılarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
deistimi	Possession by 3.pl
kaderi	Possession by 3.sg
gayzerlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
öğrencimiz	Possession by 1.pl
minaresinin	Possession by 3.sg
durmadı	None
ilköğretimin	Possession by 2.sg
sonsuzluğun	Possession by 2.sg
sayfanızda	Possession by 2.pl
dalgıcı	Possession by 3.sg
bitmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
gecesi	Possession by 3.sg
malamozlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
kahvesine	Possession by 3.sg
bıyıkların	Possession by 2.sg
edebiyatın	Possession by 2.sg
örtün	Possession by 2.sg
harflerin	None
dirseğin	Possession by 2.sg
gecem	Possession by 3.pl
rakamın	Possession by 2.sg
pilavların	Possession by 2.sg
karıncası	Possession by 3.sg
sisteminizden	Possession by 2.pl
anjiyografisi	Possession by 3.sg
kartalımız	Possession by 1.pl
teninize	Possession by 2.pl
dişlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
karidese	None
helvan	Possession by 2.sg
güreşçilerden	None
sorumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
belediyesinde	Possession by 3.sg
dövüşür	None
iftitahı	Possession by 3.sg
trigonometri	None
içermiyordu	None
hurilerin	Possession by 2.sg
ortaklığın	Possession by 2.sg
dönüşümü	Possession by 3.pl
dedikoduların	Possession by 2.sg
gelinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
katların	Possession by 2.sg
sahiplerin	Possession by 2.sg
erneğinizi	Possession by 2.pl
birleştirdi	None
silgisi	Possession by 3.sg
kalfanda	Possession by 2.sg
akrabaların	Possession by 2.sg
kromozomların	Possession by 2.sg
ıstakozumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
otostoplarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
Musevisi	Possession by 3.sg
oyuncusunun	Possession by 3.sg
kullanman	Possession by 2.sg
pedi	Possession by 3.sg
dizine	Possession by 2.sg
aslıma	Possession by 3.pl
iyileştirecek	None
yolumu	Possession by 3.pl
oynadı	None
yapmasını	Possession by 3.sg
tatların	Possession by 2.sg
kolonyası	Possession by 3.sg
taksimi	Possession by 3.pl
günahkârların	Possession by 2.sg
bakmanı	Possession by 2.sg
cehennemlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kokusunun	Possession by 3.sg
hükûmet	None
kozmonotu	Possession by 3.sg
maratonu	Possession by 3.sg
vidalarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
başvurunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
mesuliyeti	Possession by 3.sg
tabanın	Possession by 2.sg
yaparsınız	None
oğlumuz	Possession by 1.pl
ortaklığa	None
yardımcım	Possession by 3.pl
mendilleri	None
sıkıntılara	None
bağlarım	Possession by 3.pl
baharatınızı	Possession by 2.pl
akreplerin	Possession by 2.sg
rahiplere	None
fındığım	Possession by 3.pl
ayrımcılıklar	None
çarşıya	None
dalağı	Possession by 3.sg
molekülü	Possession by 3.sg
şivesinin	Possession by 3.sg
tanımıyor	None
bükmesi	Possession by 3.sg
yağış	None
oyunculuğu	None
kulu	Possession by 3.sg
disleksimin	Possession by 3.pl
kaldırımlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
katkıda	None
ağlıyordu	None
medresesinde	Possession by 3.sg
bileşiklerden	None
atılmıyor	None
çetesine	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmalarımı	Possession by 3.pl
tavanda	None
oyuncumuz	Possession by 1.pl
topikler	None
işletmelerden	None
papazı	Possession by 3.sg
yazmanıza	Possession by 2.pl
kitabelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
fahişelere	None
cevabınız	Possession by 2.pl
cihanın	Possession by 2.sg
giderim	Possession by 3.pl
dizisine	Possession by 3.sg
amaçların	Possession by 2.sg
deponun	Possession by 2.sg
bakıyorlar	None
dikişin	Possession by 2.sg
finalin	Possession by 2.sg
bağımlılığın	Possession by 2.sg
çakalı	Possession by 3.sg
durmadınız	None
polinomdan	None
dehşetimizin	Possession by 1.pl
otosu	Possession by 3.sg
arzusuna	Possession by 3.sg
karnesi	Possession by 3.sg
klişelerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
askeri	Possession by 3.sg
senaryosu	Possession by 3.sg
bilgilerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
aşıklardır	None
alanlarım	Possession by 3.pl
kalelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kalkacaksınız	None
düşünürüz	None
çelikti	None
çarmıha	None
hamızlarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
fikirlere	None
kuyanlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
kelebeği	Possession by 3.sg
metafaz	None
aştı	None
zamanım	Possession by 3.pl
fıstık	None
kullanırız	None
aikidonun	Possession by 2.sg
kemeri	None
bataryasından	Possession by 3.sg
güvercinlerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
seçmeniz	Possession by 2.pl
lisanlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
genelevlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
derneklermişiz	None
derecen	Possession by 2.sg
kazır	None
yaka	None
duymam	Possession by 3.pl
bakirelerinize	Possession by 2.pl
işkenceci	None
laboratuvarı	Possession by 3.sg
alevi	Possession by 3.sg
butonları	None
kalesinde	Possession by 3.sg
sorunu	Possession by 2.sg
yerimize	Possession by 1.pl
dudağın	Possession by 2.sg
gerzek	None
bahçesinde	Possession by 3.sg
şiveler	None
kartların	Possession by 2.sg
mevkisine	Possession by 3.sg
kurulum	Possession by 3.pl
çiftliği	Possession by 3.sg
vikipedistlerden	None
kurallarımız	Possession by 1.pl
ilimlerde	None
uyarılarım	Possession by 3.pl
melodide	None
görüşümü	Possession by 3.pl
kanunun	Possession by 2.sg
kararlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
öpücüğü	Possession by 3.sg
gelinciği	Possession by 3.sg
kahramanın	Possession by 2.sg
oturuyorsun	None
kaydedicisini	Possession by 3.sg
yazıtın	Possession by 2.sg
bakmıyorum	None
küllük	None
arzusunu	Possession by 3.sg
gölgeler	None
tutulmasında	Possession by 3.sg
heteroseksüeller	None
huniden	None
memleketimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kasımı	Possession by 3.pl
kutun	Possession by 2.sg
ülkeme	Possession by 3.pl
düğünü	Possession by 3.sg
biftekkeke	None
sihirbazların	Possession by 2.sg
günahlar	None
kardeleni	Possession by 3.sg
doldum	None
cebin	Possession by 2.sg
solunumlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kullanıcılardan	None
böbrek	None
ambulans	None
rakımın	Possession by 3.pl
dikişlerin	Possession by 2.sg
büyüğüm	None
kaplanın	Possession by 2.sg
rakımdan	Possession by 3.pl
ünü	Possession by 3.sg
şovunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
sanatlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
şehirler	None
hazineleri	None
marangozların	Possession by 2.sg
iğrenir	None
balıkçının	Possession by 2.sg
aşurelerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
sitemizde	Possession by 1.pl
hastalığın	Possession by 2.sg
yörüngelerde	None
cephesine	Possession by 3.sg
korkuluğu	Possession by 3.sg
fotoğraflardan	None
depresyonun	None
güvenmez	None
ayında	Possession by 2.sg
kıyılarda	None
canlandırmama	Possession by 3.pl
yorumlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
fotoğrafçının	Possession by 2.sg
asimptotlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
ortasına	Possession by 3.sg
ekranımda	Possession by 3.pl
uçağın	Possession by 2.sg
hastanenin	Possession by 2.sg
temsilciliği	Possession by 3.sg
ekseni	Possession by 3.sg
günümüz	Possession by 1.pl
makinasından	Possession by 3.sg
yağmasını	Possession by 3.sg
otobüsten	None
eti	Possession by 3.sg
kıllardan	None
örtülerin	Possession by 2.sg
şaşırır	None
akrabadan	None
cenazesinde	Possession by 3.sg
wikisi	Possession by 3.sg
bölgemiz	Possession by 1.pl
özlemi	Possession by 3.sg
bazaltların	Possession by 2.sg
dizesi	Possession by 3.sg
üreme	Possession by 3.pl
hecesinin	Possession by 3.sg
öğretisinden	Possession by 3.sg
değerliydi	None
varışta	None
örtüsünde	Possession by 3.sg
anason	None
fotoğrafçılarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
kapasitemiz	Possession by 1.pl
uyarısı	Possession by 3.sg
soruma	Possession by 3.pl
deneyimden	Possession by 3.pl
katilimin	Possession by 3.pl
kardeşimiz	Possession by 1.pl
amatörlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
batımı	Possession by 3.pl
şövalyelerin	None
emmiymişim	None
zammı	Possession by 3.sg
anüse	None
monarşide	None
köpüğü	Possession by 3.sg
deliyor	None
cenazesini	Possession by 3.sg
adım	Possession by 3.pl
sözleşmeyi	None
kalfamıza	Possession by 1.pl
barajınızda	Possession by 2.pl
keseniz	Possession by 2.pl
palmiyesi	Possession by 3.sg
kuşa	None
yapışması	Possession by 3.sg
birlikteliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
şivenin	Possession by 2.sg
öğretmenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
oligarşi	None
geçmişi	Possession by 3.sg
seyahatlerin	Possession by 2.sg
katmıyor	None
yardımım	Possession by 3.pl
dezenfektanımı	Possession by 3.pl
aracı	Possession by 3.sg
peruğu	Possession by 3.sg
kahramanlara	None
derini	Possession by 2.sg
sınırda	None
kavimlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
şemsiyesinin	Possession by 3.sg
mızrabı	None
yankısını	Possession by 3.sg
gerisinin	Possession by 3.sg
paşası	Possession by 3.sg
ittiler	None
sağda	None
yasasını	Possession by 3.sg
gizemlerin	Possession by 2.sg
baklavanızdan	Possession by 2.pl
vermeyeceğiz	None
arzuhalcimize	Possession by 1.pl
aileler	None
keman	None
boyun	None
cevapların	Possession by 2.sg
ayağıma	Possession by 3.pl
dolapların	Possession by 2.sg
korunmanın	Possession by 2.sg
şehrimi	Possession by 3.pl
karpuza	None
yolun	Possession by 2.sg
paskalyası	Possession by 3.sg
sayımın	Possession by 2.sg
polise	None
açmazlar	None
tanrımız	Possession by 1.pl
coşku	None
sözlüğün	Possession by 2.sg
parçalanmasında	Possession by 3.sg
müşteriyi	None
manitama	Possession by 3.pl
blogların	Possession by 2.sg
dönüşümün	Possession by 3.pl
amacımı	Possession by 3.pl
dalgasında	Possession by 3.sg
şeyin	Possession by 2.sg
tutarım	None
yarımadasını	Possession by 3.sg
cinselliği	None
makinaların	Possession by 2.sg
sandalyeden	None
oluyorsun	None
konumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
günahların	Possession by 2.sg
bilmez	None
çoğullarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
fakültelerde	None
konumuza	Possession by 1.pl
ödevden	None
ebesi	Possession by 3.sg
sempozyumun	Possession by 2.sg
otumu	Possession by 3.pl
hisse	None
mayadan	None
bezer	None
oturuyor	None
iyileştiriyorduk	None
bombacının	None
tuğlayı	None
ağaçkakanın	Possession by 2.sg
çöpçatanımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
ucu	Possession by 3.sg
bereketin	Possession by 2.sg
şüphesinden	Possession by 3.sg
cenazenin	Possession by 2.sg
tıkıyordu	None
bataryasını	Possession by 3.sg
fukara	None
günü	Possession by 3.sg
mevkisinden	Possession by 3.sg
örtüde	None
tosbağası	Possession by 3.sg
hatanızı	Possession by 2.pl
mezraların	Possession by 2.sg
şişiyorsun	None
deneyimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yorumumu	Possession by 3.pl
öksürüğünüzden	Possession by 2.pl
dikkatimden	Possession by 3.pl
futbolcusunun	Possession by 3.sg
rehberlerin	Possession by 2.sg
bürokrasi	None
kullanmanıza	Possession by 2.pl
amacınız	Possession by 2.pl
iblisi	Possession by 3.sg
papağanı	Possession by 3.sg
sucuklarınız	Possession by 2.pl
istiridyenizden	Possession by 2.pl
kâsesi	Possession by 3.sg
sıralamasına	Possession by 3.sg
amcasından	Possession by 3.sg
süngerin	Possession by 2.sg
kaldırıma	None
yorumlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
helikopterleri	None
psikoterapisi	Possession by 3.sg
tanesinin	Possession by 3.sg
giysisine	Possession by 3.sg
irkeyelimizin	Possession by 1.pl
sokakların	Possession by 2.sg
rahatsızlandın	None
şahı	Possession by 3.sg
dergisinden	Possession by 3.sg
tavukların	Possession by 2.sg
gelmemiz	Possession by 1.pl
hücresinin	Possession by 3.sg
taslaklara	None
udu	Possession by 3.sg
kılmaz	None
konum	Possession by 3.pl
yolunuzu	Possession by 2.pl
patlıyor	None
nedenlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
sisteminizin	Possession by 2.pl
bacağa	None
mistiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
minberin	Possession by 2.sg
frekansı	Possession by 3.sg
önceliği	Possession by 3.sg
dermeyecek	None
yarışlarda	None
kafatasları	None
kıyımı	Possession by 3.pl
deneyimlerim	Possession by 3.pl
Nusayrîde	None
akbabanı	Possession by 2.sg
hatasının	Possession by 3.sg
fareyiz	None
enflasyondan	None
sporcumuz	Possession by 1.pl
burnun	Possession by 2.sg
ikazı	Possession by 3.sg
nüfuzu	None
limonlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
yasasına	Possession by 3.sg
psikologlardan	None
topolojisini	Possession by 3.sg
amcaların	Possession by 2.sg
pimlersiniz	None
leblebisi	Possession by 3.sg
maymunu	Possession by 3.sg
sesçimden	Possession by 3.pl
içkilere	None
toplumumuz	Possession by 1.pl
aynanın	Possession by 2.sg
amatörden	None
lolipoplarınız	Possession by 2.pl
pelikanı	Possession by 3.sg
mumyasının	Possession by 3.sg
çatalı	Possession by 3.sg
yapmamı	Possession by 3.pl
bedeviniz	Possession by 2.pl
hırsızıma	Possession by 3.pl
etikete	None
telefonunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
eziyetlerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
çalışması	Possession by 3.sg
öğrencim	Possession by 3.pl
vajinanın	None
coşkumuza	Possession by 1.pl
odacımızda	Possession by 1.pl
merdivenlerden	None
lezyonlara	None
köylülerden	None
futbolcularımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
yıldızı	Possession by 3.sg
sekmemde	Possession by 3.pl
kelepçe	None
katılmazlar	None
dönecek	None
dönemlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ölümde	Possession by 3.pl
dondurmam	Possession by 3.pl
kulaklarımı	Possession by 3.pl
bildirdim	None
zaferlerin	Possession by 2.sg
neşesini	Possession by 3.sg
hükûmetin	Possession by 2.sg
işletmesi	Possession by 3.sg
tekfur	None
dikkatinizden	Possession by 2.pl
öznelerin	Possession by 2.sg
telefonu	Possession by 3.sg
yolcuya	None
havluların	Possession by 2.sg
uyarı	None
gizlenir	None
saçımı	Possession by 3.pl
doğuyoruz	None
övgüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
başvurularınızda	Possession by 2.pl
yongası	Possession by 3.sg
mevzusuna	Possession by 3.sg
tekliflerin	Possession by 2.sg
vedasından	Possession by 3.sg
temsilcisinin	Possession by 3.sg
rehberi	Possession by 3.sg
şapkacılarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
kumanda	Possession by 2.sg
helvasından	Possession by 3.sg
tasarımı	Possession by 3.sg
pijamaydılar	None
kahvelerin	Possession by 2.sg
dolmuşu	Possession by 3.sg
kuzular	None
ormanlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
tiplerin	Possession by 2.sg
prezervatiflerimde	Possession by 3.pl
ortam	Possession by 3.pl
katildin	None
koydan	None
değirmenimden	Possession by 3.pl
yüzüncüye	None
nişanlılarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
akının	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencileriniz	Possession by 2.pl
bağımlılığı	Possession by 3.sg
süspansuvarımız	Possession by 1.pl
isi	Possession by 3.sg
titreşimi	None
yağmamızda	Possession by 1.pl
makyajınıza	Possession by 2.pl
planetlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
kesesi	Possession by 3.sg
başvurusunun	Possession by 3.sg
hücresi	Possession by 3.sg
müzisyen	None
kullanmamızı	Possession by 1.pl
piyanosunu	Possession by 3.sg
yağmamız	Possession by 1.pl
geceliği	Possession by 3.sg
eklerde	None
yapraklarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
taşımayacak	None
pancardan	None
büyüleyiciymişsin	None
rehinesi	Possession by 3.sg
elçisinden	Possession by 3.sg
izleyicilerin	Possession by 2.sg
önerinin	Possession by 2.sg
hıçkırığınızın	Possession by 2.pl
sonbahara	None
yayalarım	Possession by 3.pl
ölçtü	None
inciri	Possession by 3.sg
okulumuz	Possession by 1.pl
faresine	Possession by 3.sg
vermezler	None
dakikası	Possession by 3.sg
sevmezler	None
tipografyamı	Possession by 3.pl
derecelerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
nedene	None
kasığın	Possession by 2.sg
havralarınızın	Possession by 2.pl
kefaletlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
kustu	None
cümlesine	Possession by 3.sg
yangınım	Possession by 3.pl
merdiveni	Possession by 3.sg
perine	Possession by 2.sg
sultanların	Possession by 2.sg
küllüğünüzü	Possession by 2.pl
cephelerin	Possession by 2.sg
omurgasını	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
vidalarmış	None
körümüzden	Possession by 1.pl
genelevlere	None
dönemi	Possession by 3.sg
savaştı	None
köylülerimize	Possession by 1.pl
yaratılardı	None
urun	None
sürüsü	Possession by 3.sg
dağın	Possession by 2.sg
ilişkisine	Possession by 3.sg
yollarım	Possession by 3.pl
ramazanı	Possession by 3.sg
parıltısı	Possession by 3.sg
güvercini	Possession by 3.sg
yolumuza	Possession by 1.pl
patronum	Possession by 3.pl
evliliği	Possession by 3.sg
oyumu	Possession by 3.pl
mikroişlemcisi	Possession by 3.sg
büyücünün	Possession by 2.sg
ışıktan	None
enfeksiyonun	Possession by 2.sg
varmayacağız	None
kararınıza	Possession by 2.pl
şelaleyi	None
prenstin	None
vaktimizi	Possession by 1.pl
hocaların	Possession by 2.sg
sosluğu	Possession by 3.sg
madalyalar	None
gözlemesi	Possession by 3.sg
camisi	Possession by 3.sg
verniklerimden	Possession by 3.pl
külfeti	Possession by 3.sg
puanınız	Possession by 2.pl
bülbül	None
deposunu	Possession by 3.sg
desenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
klişelermişiz	None
sitesinden	Possession by 3.sg
şarkıcılardan	None
hurin	Possession by 2.sg
kanıtlıyorduk	None
hocanın	Possession by 2.sg
gitmesini	Possession by 3.sg
börülcede	None
bahçesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kalıbı	Possession by 3.sg
koyu	Possession by 3.sg
ilişkilerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
yorganlar	None
dizesinin	Possession by 3.sg
bölgesine	Possession by 3.sg
askısı	Possession by 3.sg
ilerletmiyorsun	None
kılıfta	None
günümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
hastalıklarda	None
uymadılar	None
meydanlar	None
kelimesine	Possession by 3.sg
maymunlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
süründürtmüyorsunuz	None
savaşımın	Possession by 3.pl
ürünün	Possession by 2.sg
dindarlığı	Possession by 3.sg
takvimin	Possession by 2.sg
muhalefette	None
kurallardan	None
akışı	Possession by 3.sg
düştük	None
derneğin	Possession by 2.sg
notta	None
medreselerin	Possession by 2.sg
tercihimi	Possession by 3.pl
sıyırmıyordun	None
cehennemi	Possession by 3.sg
kararınız	Possession by 2.pl
kılıyoruz	None
ispatlıyorlardı	None
göreceğim	None
salatası	Possession by 3.sg
yemenini	Possession by 2.sg
huzura	None
istemcisine	Possession by 3.sg
klarneti	Possession by 3.sg
dönüşün	Possession by 2.sg
ürünlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
pamuktan	None
muzun	Possession by 2.sg
oyunuza	Possession by 2.pl
geçmişlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sayfamıza	Possession by 1.pl
karşılığın	Possession by 2.sg
bakıcısı	Possession by 3.sg
geçmemizi	Possession by 1.pl
kurbanda	None
yardımınızı	Possession by 2.pl
ailelerde	None
alıyoruz	None
papazın	Possession by 2.sg
kebabın	Possession by 2.sg
türünü	Possession by 2.sg
kasidesi	Possession by 3.sg
batısından	Possession by 3.sg
prensiplerin	Possession by 2.sg
ölüsü	Possession by 3.sg
heyecanı	Possession by 3.sg
ilişkilerin	Possession by 2.sg
tümcesini	Possession by 3.sg
ilimlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
gösterisinden	Possession by 3.sg
koşuldu	None
söner	None
öğretimi	Possession by 3.pl
yağmaymış	None
yedirir	None
yetkimin	Possession by 3.pl
bugünde	None
yöresi	Possession by 3.sg
kasım	Possession by 3.pl
kapasitesini	Possession by 3.sg
topluluğumuz	Possession by 1.pl
kapamayacağım	None
sıpamın	Possession by 3.pl
günün	Possession by 2.sg
izleyicisi	Possession by 3.sg
faresi	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmanıza	Possession by 2.pl
havlusu	Possession by 3.sg
toplar	None
üyelerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
öğretmenlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
fillerdir	None
giderlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
elçin	Possession by 2.sg
bahçıvanlar	None
tangana	Possession by 2.sg
fulyanıza	Possession by 2.pl
kemanı	Possession by 3.sg
parçacığı	Possession by 3.sg
sözleşmeden	None
sorum	Possession by 3.pl
güvensizliği	Possession by 3.sg
zamanınızı	Possession by 2.pl
çetede	None
masalın	Possession by 2.sg
fragmanın	Possession by 2.sg
senaryoların	Possession by 2.sg
süngünün	None
alanınıza	Possession by 2.pl
yetkisinden	Possession by 3.sg
saçın	Possession by 2.sg
kurtçuğu	Possession by 3.sg
kıyımdan	Possession by 3.pl
zurnası	Possession by 3.sg
dışkısında	Possession by 3.sg
önerisine	Possession by 3.sg
asitlere	None
sakine	None
takvimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sakızı	Possession by 3.sg
tavanın	Possession by 2.sg
değiştirmedi	None
kapınıza	Possession by 2.pl
müracaatta	None
ablama	Possession by 3.pl
garplarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
yörüngen	Possession by 2.sg
topiğimizden	Possession by 1.pl
yaranın	Possession by 2.sg
kutusundan	Possession by 3.sg
askerlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
şatona	Possession by 2.sg
kutu	None
savaşçıların	Possession by 2.sg
ahtapotların	Possession by 2.sg
buluştular	None
kızlığı	Possession by 3.sg
musluklarız	None
ilkem	Possession by 3.pl
dinlenmeye	None
ağaların	Possession by 2.sg
alkollerde	None
izolasyonunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
dağılmamda	Possession by 3.pl
islerimin	Possession by 3.pl
ava	None
kamçıların	Possession by 2.sg
boğazı	Possession by 3.sg
dişlime	Possession by 3.pl
kontes	None
tanrıların	Possession by 2.sg
mancınığın	Possession by 2.sg
kayağın	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmamızın	Possession by 1.pl
blogcularımdan	Possession by 3.pl
gazetelerin	Possession by 2.sg
gelmedin	None
terziydi	None
asidi	Possession by 3.sg
yolumuz	Possession by 1.pl
camisinde	Possession by 3.sg
körlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
yufkayı	None
kurallarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
enstrümanın	Possession by 2.sg
sarmaşıklar	None
övmedik	None
kürkün	Possession by 2.sg
gitarı	Possession by 3.sg
yuvaların	Possession by 2.sg
kalıpların	Possession by 2.sg
pederinizin	Possession by 2.pl
algoritmasından	Possession by 3.sg
çadırlardan	None
genelevlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
öğretisi	Possession by 3.sg
ördeğin	Possession by 2.sg
temsilciler	None
izleyicisine	Possession by 3.sg
valizi	Possession by 3.sg
şaşırırlar	None
dersiniz	Possession by 2.pl
öcünüz	Possession by 2.pl
temizlediler	None
kapasitemde	Possession by 3.pl
yardımı	Possession by 3.sg
sevabı	Possession by 3.sg
diyapazonlara	None
günümüzü	Possession by 1.pl
heyecanlandı	None
ayını	Possession by 2.sg
tabanmış	None
Tiranlına	Possession by 2.sg
dedikodunun	Possession by 2.sg
gayzeri	Possession by 3.sg
kurumlardan	None
kaşesi	Possession by 3.sg
önceliğim	Possession by 3.pl
kurumumuz	Possession by 1.pl
gömleği	Possession by 3.sg
kategorisini	Possession by 3.sg
idaresine	Possession by 3.sg
derlemeden	None
karakolu	Possession by 3.sg
rahiplerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
cinlerdiniz	None
istatistiğe	None
hocasının	Possession by 3.sg
lezbiyenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tipin	Possession by 2.sg
kuyruğun	Possession by 2.sg
manası	Possession by 3.sg
tartıyordun	None
öğrettim	None
bozan	Possession by 2.sg
bağcıklarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
dolar	None
tercihinize	Possession by 2.pl
içgüdünün	Possession by 2.sg
akciğerin	Possession by 2.sg
tutkusunun	Possession by 3.sg
takın	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğraflarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
götürürler	None
rüzgârın	Possession by 2.sg
kuğuların	Possession by 2.sg
eşiktiniz	None
bahçesi	Possession by 3.sg
oturur	None
kanlılıklarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
önerisinden	Possession by 3.sg
kanunu	Possession by 3.sg
kullanımın	Possession by 2.sg
çökeleklerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
gitmeden	None
öçten	None
pöhrenklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
kasımda	Possession by 3.pl
hocası	Possession by 3.sg
minaresine	Possession by 3.sg
sağrısı	Possession by 3.sg
katili	Possession by 3.sg
maskelerin	Possession by 2.sg
aleme	None
nargilesini	Possession by 3.sg
vapurda	None
başrahibimizi	Possession by 1.pl
buzukisinde	Possession by 3.sg
sitem	Possession by 3.pl
kazan	Possession by 2.sg
defterlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
çizginin	Possession by 2.sg
kâbusta	None
müsaadesi	Possession by 3.sg
gözleme	None
ideallerin	Possession by 2.sg
garajda	None
listelerin	Possession by 2.sg
koylardan	None
kamçımızı	Possession by 1.pl
yemenin	Possession by 2.sg
ütü	None
belediyenin	Possession by 2.sg
enstrümanların	Possession by 2.sg
erkelerin	None
beytin	Possession by 2.sg
depresyon	None
tütüyordu	None
arzusu	Possession by 3.sg
sebebi	Possession by 3.sg
sekmen	Possession by 2.sg
yayıncılığı	Possession by 3.sg
hiperbolü	Possession by 3.sg
mama	None
hipotalamusun	Possession by 2.sg
öküzün	Possession by 2.sg
bisikletlere	None
bulundular	None
yorumunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
söyleşilerin	Possession by 2.sg
gırtlaktan	None
bitkimizden	Possession by 1.pl
geliştirmiyoruz	None
sıfatlarda	None
çalışmadan	None
kullanmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
götverenmişsiniz	None
listesine	Possession by 3.sg
satrançtan	None
öğrencilerim	Possession by 3.pl
memleketimi	Possession by 3.pl
mikroişlemcilere	None
heyetimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kırıtacaklar	None
tecridimde	Possession by 3.pl
teşkilatın	Possession by 2.sg
ağlarımı	Possession by 3.pl
enfeksiyonu	Possession by 3.sg
kımızın	Possession by 2.sg
ağlamasını	Possession by 3.sg
freni	Possession by 3.sg
mağaralarda	None
protestosu	Possession by 3.sg
kullanıcıyı	None
giysisinin	Possession by 3.sg
eniştelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
büyücülerin	Possession by 2.sg
derinde	Possession by 2.sg
hahamın	Possession by 2.sg
eşcinsel	None
ambulansımızı	Possession by 1.pl
yatakların	Possession by 2.sg
yaratmanın	Possession by 2.sg
ortandan	Possession by 2.sg
odacı	None
adımı	Possession by 3.pl
öğretimden	Possession by 3.pl
havuca	None
kalamarlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
yönetimin	Possession by 2.sg
yazmamı	Possession by 3.pl
sanmam	None
yarasaların	Possession by 2.sg
uğrattılar	None
daldın	None
filimi	Possession by 3.pl
beklemeye	None
sorumluluklara	None
derisine	Possession by 3.sg
prototipe	None
çarpar	None
yemişlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
listesi	Possession by 3.sg
çarpımı	Possession by 3.pl
kartpostalı	Possession by 3.sg
küllüklerden	None
batın	Possession by 2.sg
yanıtlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
kalbimde	Possession by 3.pl
kestirme	None
yumurta	None
raporu	Possession by 3.sg
arzum	Possession by 3.pl
vikipedisti	Possession by 3.sg
kasetlere	None
oynamadı	None
piyanoma	Possession by 3.pl
tahtı	Possession by 3.sg
futbolcusu	Possession by 3.sg
çobanlar	None
dişlimden	Possession by 3.pl
kocasını	Possession by 3.sg
kategorisinden	Possession by 3.sg
dövmelerden	None
dılağınızda	Possession by 2.pl
avokadolarımı	Possession by 3.pl
siklerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
devirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşlerim	Possession by 3.pl
yağmaların	Possession by 2.sg
derecenin	Possession by 2.sg
kelimelerin	Possession by 2.sg
tutkuların	Possession by 2.sg
savaşlardan	None
otomobili	Possession by 3.sg
düşmanın	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşimi	Possession by 3.pl
örtüsünden	Possession by 3.sg
yağması	Possession by 3.sg
hırsızın	Possession by 2.sg
göçüz	None
payıma	Possession by 3.pl
ayağınızı	Possession by 2.pl
gelirin	Possession by 2.sg
mevsime	None
tabandı	None
bacasını	Possession by 3.sg
konumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
itilmedin	None
sigaraları	None
kazısından	Possession by 3.sg
uyruğu	Possession by 3.sg
seçmede	None
bloglarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kıyıların	Possession by 2.sg
biplerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
endüstriler	None
çalışmalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
köylüm	Possession by 3.pl
sayfada	None
leblebilerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
dağıtımımda	Possession by 3.pl
kapını	Possession by 2.sg
akısını	Possession by 3.sg
filim	Possession by 3.pl
yuvana	Possession by 2.sg
bulunuruz	None
ayısına	Possession by 3.sg
boksa	None
yayaların	Possession by 2.sg
vikipedistlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yolculuğu	Possession by 3.sg
fırtınaya	None
ülkelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
harcı	Possession by 3.sg
palyaçosu	Possession by 3.sg
kitabelerde	None
asansörden	None
samankapanımda	Possession by 3.pl
önemliliklerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
yoruma	None
dilimi	Possession by 3.sg
pimlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
adamların	Possession by 2.sg
mikroişlemcisini	Possession by 3.sg
derneğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
tabancalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
korunmasını	Possession by 3.sg
bastırmasını	Possession by 3.sg
makinesini	Possession by 3.sg
salatasının	Possession by 3.sg
yöresinde	Possession by 3.sg
pırasanın	Possession by 2.sg
cevabınızı	Possession by 2.pl
hareketlilikte	None
şampiyonların	Possession by 2.sg
anlatıyor	None
sporcunun	Possession by 2.sg
portu	Possession by 3.sg
göç	None
tahtlarımda	Possession by 3.pl
elmaların	Possession by 2.sg
sezonun	Possession by 2.sg
umurunuzun	Possession by 2.pl
bağımlılıklarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
unutacaklar	None
çalışmalarınız	Possession by 2.pl
menim	Possession by 3.pl
koyumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
büstü	Possession by 3.sg
dondurmayacaksınız	None
ülkemize	Possession by 1.pl
takvimi	Possession by 3.sg
gününüzü	Possession by 2.pl
görüntü	None
tohumlarda	None
pastanın	Possession by 2.sg
yarımadasından	Possession by 3.sg
yankının	Possession by 2.sg
aldatmayacaksın	None
geçiyor	None
övgüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
bahçıvanıma	Possession by 3.pl
değişikliklerden	None
kıyısında	Possession by 3.sg
sülük	None
erkekliğin	Possession by 2.sg
yetmezliklerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
gondola	None
baslarınız	Possession by 2.pl
kategoriye	None
orospunda	Possession by 2.sg
sayfamın	Possession by 3.pl
akışların	Possession by 2.sg
yıldızımız	Possession by 1.pl
otelin	Possession by 2.sg
keşfetmeyecekler	None
yağışın	Possession by 2.sg
şamdanın	Possession by 2.sg
rehinemin	Possession by 3.pl
ilkesinde	Possession by 3.sg
sürümlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
sinematografımız	Possession by 1.pl
kullanıcısına	Possession by 3.sg
şikâyet	None
çanların	Possession by 2.sg
kaygıdan	None
otomobilciliğimin	Possession by 3.pl
bahçem	Possession by 3.pl
karıştırmayacaksın	None
utandırır	None
kamerası	Possession by 3.sg
kılı	Possession by 3.sg
başvurulardan	None
Yahudisini	Possession by 3.sg
işkencenin	Possession by 2.sg
lunaparklar	None
derlemesinden	Possession by 3.sg
çarşısının	Possession by 3.sg
yuvan	Possession by 2.sg
ayakkabıcının	Possession by 2.sg
bitkilerin	Possession by 2.sg
önemliliklerime	Possession by 3.pl
çalışmalar	None
adımıza	Possession by 1.pl
körfezlerime	Possession by 3.pl
müsaademi	Possession by 3.pl
zamanın	Possession by 2.sg
ayağım	Possession by 3.pl
kasabımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
geometriyi	None
kullanıcın	Possession by 2.sg
grubumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
saksıda	None
yaklaşmadı	None
neşriyat	None
kasımdan	Possession by 3.pl
kâğıtların	Possession by 2.sg
embriyosunda	Possession by 3.sg
susam	None
avlardı	None
primitiftim	None
derlemelerin	Possession by 2.sg
molekülümüzden	Possession by 1.pl
cümleme	Possession by 3.pl
Araplarda	None
yazma	None
fibrinojenimi	Possession by 3.pl
ormanlarımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
balinanın	Possession by 2.sg
kokuların	Possession by 2.sg
salatanın	Possession by 2.sg
romanın	Possession by 2.sg
disketin	Possession by 2.sg
anıyoruz	None
yasağı	Possession by 3.sg
bölgesinden	Possession by 3.sg
ısının	Possession by 2.sg
meleklerinize	Possession by 2.pl
köylülerim	Possession by 3.pl
cücesi	Possession by 3.sg
tercümanların	Possession by 2.sg
ustamızda	Possession by 1.pl
mağarasını	Possession by 3.sg
şivesi	Possession by 3.sg
gemisi	Possession by 3.sg
delerim	None
rehberimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yönleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
kamerasında	Possession by 3.sg
kayıtların	Possession by 2.sg
bellerimde	Possession by 3.pl
davranışlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
şaşırtacak	None
müzikallere	None
kullanmasında	Possession by 3.sg
kalbime	Possession by 3.pl
bilgimizi	Possession by 1.pl
çökertiyorsun	None
sakızınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kelliğin	Possession by 2.sg
albümün	Possession by 2.sg
sakinlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
lahananın	Possession by 2.sg
uzağı	Possession by 3.sg
salıncağın	Possession by 2.sg
göçün	Possession by 2.sg
çaydanlık	None
ekranların	Possession by 2.sg
taslaklarda	None
namazlarda	None
kıyım	Possession by 3.pl
güneşe	None
süzgeçlerin	Possession by 2.sg
oylarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
muhalefete	None
koleksiyonu	Possession by 3.sg
ilkeyi	None
vazolardım	None
kelepçesi	Possession by 3.sg
yasemini	Possession by 3.sg
ömrümün	Possession by 3.pl
biçimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ustam	Possession by 3.pl
kümelerin	Possession by 2.sg
davranışlarda	None
pusulaların	Possession by 2.sg
bilgisine	Possession by 3.sg
dizelerin	Possession by 2.sg
karakterinizin	Possession by 2.pl
ailenin	None
fonksiyonumuz	Possession by 1.pl
tamlanan	None
papağanınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
kirecimize	Possession by 1.pl
yandı	None
götürüyordu	None
noktaya	None
kazım	Possession by 3.pl
hocalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
pirincin	Possession by 2.sg
darılmazsın	None
şarkıcının	Possession by 2.sg
kardeşlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
sonsuzu	Possession by 3.sg
doktorlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
ayın	Possession by 2.sg
Yahudisi	Possession by 3.sg
memleketimizde	Possession by 1.pl
dirilmeiyordunuz	None
kalmayacak	None
kazası	Possession by 3.sg
nergisi	Possession by 3.sg
müzisyenin	Possession by 2.sg
memleketim	Possession by 3.pl
tasarruflar	None
sonsuzluğu	Possession by 3.sg
binin	Possession by 2.sg
yeleklerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
medresesine	Possession by 3.sg
irdelemezsiniz	None
aktrise	None
sunucusundan	Possession by 3.sg
piyanolarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
gelme	None
soğanı	Possession by 3.sg
gölgesinin	Possession by 3.sg
kıçımı	Possession by 3.pl
sığmıyorsun	None
bükmelerinize	Possession by 2.pl
fikrin	Possession by 2.sg
malumatınız	Possession by 2.pl
yorumlarım	Possession by 3.pl
öğretin	Possession by 2.sg
sevgilisinden	Possession by 3.sg
sözleşmeler	None
çerçim	Possession by 3.pl
kistin	Possession by 2.sg
dizesinde	Possession by 3.sg
kırbaçlarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
çözeltisinden	Possession by 3.sg
teknolojileri	None
karantinaya	None
paylaştırmalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
önerisinin	Possession by 3.sg
frizbi	None
yermez	None
güneşten	None
kıyısının	Possession by 3.sg
uydusundan	Possession by 3.sg
mistikte	None
radyosundan	Possession by 3.sg
çipler	None
ilkelerden	None
korsanın	Possession by 2.sg
yaratım	Possession by 3.pl
ördeğimizden	Possession by 1.pl
kulların	Possession by 2.sg
kafataslarından	None
hocamız	Possession by 1.pl
bankalar	None
maşamdan	Possession by 3.pl
sorusuna	Possession by 3.sg
simyacının	None
cümlenizde	Possession by 2.pl
yavruların	Possession by 2.sg
gelirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kırıkların	Possession by 2.sg
akrabalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
süspansuarlarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
eşcinsellerin	Possession by 2.sg
pastırmalarınız	Possession by 2.pl
yatağı	Possession by 3.sg
giysilerin	Possession by 2.sg
çözeltisinin	Possession by 3.sg
oylarınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
ortaya	None
nenesi	Possession by 3.sg
sahnelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmamı	Possession by 3.pl
hücrenin	Possession by 2.sg
dağıtımların	Possession by 2.sg
başvurunda	Possession by 2.sg
şifonyerin	Possession by 2.sg
oğlumuza	Possession by 1.pl
kovdurtuyorsunuz	None
mantığınız	Possession by 2.pl
tutulmasını	Possession by 3.sg
duyusu	Possession by 3.sg
limonatana	Possession by 2.sg
kimyacı	None
kelliği	Possession by 3.sg
hedefin	None
sekmesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kamerasına	Possession by 3.sg
haberiniz	Possession by 2.pl
anarşiye	None
düklerinize	Possession by 2.pl
kiliselerin	Possession by 2.sg
sarhoşları	None
kuzusundan	Possession by 3.sg
süspansuarlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
ayaklarım	Possession by 3.pl
gondolun	Possession by 2.sg
dumanımın	Possession by 3.pl
günlüğün	Possession by 2.sg
elçisi	Possession by 3.sg
kullanımı	Possession by 3.sg
çalışmamız	Possession by 1.pl
bekledim	None
alıcı	Possession by 3.sg
dersin	Possession by 2.sg
koklayacaklar	None
kisti	Possession by 3.sg
içeceklerimize	Possession by 1.pl
başvurun	Possession by 2.sg
sonlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
kimliğiniz	Possession by 2.pl
gösterimin	Possession by 3.pl
bakirelerin	Possession by 2.sg
hanımlardan	None
kokun	Possession by 2.sg
yanağı	Possession by 3.sg
ülkesinin	Possession by 3.sg
bakıcım	Possession by 3.pl
siteniz	Possession by 2.pl
şamdanı	Possession by 3.sg
sevenin	Possession by 2.sg
işlememden	Possession by 3.pl
yıldırımlardan	None
adların	Possession by 2.sg
pelininizi	Possession by 2.pl
videosundan	Possession by 3.sg
videosu	Possession by 3.sg
şortlar	None
yaratısı	Possession by 3.sg
derecelerde	None
şarkıcıların	Possession by 2.sg
balalaykalarıma	Possession by 3.pl
işletmelerin	Possession by 2.sg
fırınların	Possession by 2.sg
alemlere	None
körfezin	Possession by 2.sg
ağımıza	Possession by 1.pl
şemsiyesini	Possession by 3.sg
yolculuğun	Possession by 2.sg
çökeceksiniz	None
mezarlığın	Possession by 2.sg
defterlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
fotoğrafçısının	Possession by 3.sg
kanallarda	None
sitenize	Possession by 2.pl
aileden	None
fonksiyonlarda	None
uyduya	None
vurguna	Possession by 2.sg
terapistinizi	Possession by 2.pl
üren	Possession by 2.sg
güvenlilikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
yorumlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
üçlüsü	Possession by 3.sg
öğretinin	Possession by 2.sg
kimliklerin	Possession by 2.sg
ormanlarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
amatörlerin	Possession by 2.sg
tanımı	Possession by 3.pl
huzurduk	None
kanalın	None
derneklere	None
toplumun	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmana	Possession by 2.sg
kemerde	None
romanların	Possession by 2.sg
dondurmasını	Possession by 3.sg
atletiğim	None
âlimlerin	Possession by 2.sg
görüşlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
fizik	None
kıyametin	Possession by 2.sg
polinomların	Possession by 2.sg
standınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
meşrubatlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
kemanların	Possession by 2.sg
bozalarda	None
silahların	Possession by 2.sg
kitabenin	Possession by 2.sg
oyuncum	Possession by 3.pl
alkolde	None
dışkılarımı	Possession by 3.pl
davranışlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kapağın	Possession by 2.sg
dinamite	None
kazanırlar	None
balinalardan	None
menüsüne	Possession by 3.sg
çalgısı	Possession by 3.sg
veriyorsunuz	None
hindilerim	Possession by 3.pl
çanın	Possession by 2.sg
sevişmedi	None
omurgasına	Possession by 3.sg
dünürüm	Possession by 3.pl
dinozorun	Possession by 2.sg
kötüleşecek	None
mumlarımdan	Possession by 3.pl
zulümlerim	Possession by 3.pl
memleketimiz	Possession by 1.pl
lokumum	Possession by 3.pl
sepetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
görüşler	None
tosbağamızın	Possession by 1.pl
eziyetlere	None
payım	Possession by 3.pl
minarelerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kömü	Possession by 3.sg
makinesinin	Possession by 3.sg
taksisine	Possession by 3.sg
böbreği	Possession by 3.sg
çıktısına	Possession by 3.sg
masumiyetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
belediyesinden	Possession by 3.sg
bozayısı	Possession by 3.sg
oyuncusuna	Possession by 3.sg
merdivenlerimi	Possession by 3.pl
tercihim	Possession by 3.pl
hatamdan	Possession by 3.pl
vasiyeti	None
çobanı	Possession by 3.sg
kazanda	Possession by 2.sg
çalışmada	None
frenin	Possession by 2.sg
maratonuma	Possession by 3.pl
yakasında	Possession by 3.sg
istemcisinin	Possession by 3.sg
mümessilliği	Possession by 3.sg
yıldızdan	None
okulumuzdan	Possession by 1.pl
sitenin	Possession by 2.sg
fakir	None
verilecek	None
seçtik	None
bastırma	None
sürgünün	Possession by 2.sg
sultanım	Possession by 3.pl
yitmedik	None
deneyimlerimin	Possession by 3.pl
bahtsızmışsın	None
kazasına	Possession by 3.sg
filinizden	Possession by 2.pl
kazımayacak	None
fakirin	Possession by 2.sg
aşçının	Possession by 2.sg
dalgıcın	Possession by 2.sg
ömrüme	Possession by 3.pl
ölüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
ekranlar	None
aracımız	Possession by 1.pl
teklifime	Possession by 3.pl
dağılmalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
lehçesi	Possession by 3.sg
yaraların	Possession by 2.sg
tundranın	Possession by 2.sg
tiyatrosundan	Possession by 3.sg
sandalyelere	None
bölümüm	Possession by 3.pl
makyaj	None
videoların	Possession by 2.sg
işlemesinde	Possession by 3.sg
üstdilimizde	Possession by 1.pl
pamuklar	None
zombilerin	None
karıncayı	None
başvurumu	Possession by 3.pl
banliyösünde	Possession by 3.sg
şelalesini	Possession by 3.sg
minberi	Possession by 3.sg
âlimi	Possession by 3.sg
eğitimi	Possession by 3.sg
aynaların	Possession by 2.sg
şuuru	Possession by 3.sg
sürücüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
vekillerin	Possession by 2.sg
tiyatroyum	None
çaplarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
kası	Possession by 3.sg
yorumunuzda	Possession by 2.pl
sunakta	None
mayonun	Possession by 2.sg
dönmediler	None
mümessili	Possession by 3.sg
öbekte	None
kiliseniz	Possession by 2.pl
başardın	None
kurulların	Possession by 2.sg
düşünürüm	None
hamamları	None
sürüsünü	Possession by 3.sg
kibutzınız	Possession by 2.pl
bitkinin	Possession by 2.sg
tensörün	Possession by 2.sg
kapadım	None
asan	Possession by 2.sg
dergilere	None
görüşlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
mefhumu	Possession by 3.sg
kirişlerin	Possession by 2.sg
sürekliliklerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
teşhisi	Possession by 3.sg
bölgesi	Possession by 3.sg
konumuz	Possession by 1.pl
mermisinin	Possession by 3.sg
savunuyorsun	None
kahramanların	Possession by 2.sg
cenazelerin	Possession by 2.sg
şortun	Possession by 2.sg
tarafımızdan	Possession by 1.pl
keşkeğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
sitemiz	Possession by 1.pl
aygıtı	Possession by 3.sg
kopmaz	None
otobüslerin	Possession by 2.sg
semeri	Possession by 3.sg
silecekler	None
çıtım	Possession by 3.pl
pehlivandı	None
pijamayım	None
kuzgunların	Possession by 2.sg
uzunluğun	Possession by 2.sg
bahçesine	Possession by 3.sg
beldesi	Possession by 3.sg
amcamın	Possession by 3.pl
lehçesinden	Possession by 3.sg
kazana	Possession by 2.sg
tutkunun	Possession by 2.sg
çalışıyorsunuz	None
süspansuarlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
objesi	Possession by 3.sg
tanrınız	Possession by 2.pl
yön	None
altdizin	None
süslerdim	None
röportajların	Possession by 2.sg
parçacıkların	Possession by 2.sg
otların	Possession by 2.sg
bitkisini	Possession by 3.sg
pencereden	None
tabancasını	Possession by 3.sg
sayfalarınızda	Possession by 2.pl
sorun	Possession by 2.sg
emminizde	Possession by 2.pl
geçmişimin	Possession by 3.pl
ömrüm	Possession by 3.pl
kedisinden	Possession by 3.sg
mermilerin	Possession by 2.sg
katilin	Possession by 2.sg
amcasını	Possession by 3.sg
izleyicinin	Possession by 2.sg
balinaların	Possession by 2.sg
lisanı	Possession by 3.sg
şivesinde	Possession by 3.sg
dağılmayacağız	None
süspansuarın	Possession by 2.sg
almadı	None
eksenlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
işletmeni	Possession by 2.sg
referansı	Possession by 3.sg
günümüzden	Possession by 1.pl
çetesinin	Possession by 3.sg
sınıfların	Possession by 2.sg
vücudun	None
geçmişimiz	Possession by 1.pl
ilçelerde	None
ustasına	Possession by 3.sg
pateninizin	Possession by 2.pl
uygulamasında	Possession by 3.sg
aradılar	None
bakiresi	Possession by 3.sg
salıncağı	Possession by 3.sg
bükme	None
çalışmasında	Possession by 3.sg
kakmıyordum	None
bulgurun	Possession by 2.sg
mezrasında	Possession by 3.sg
prensin	Possession by 2.sg
ettirmeyecekler	None
gönüllerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
mevkilerin	Possession by 2.sg
şakası	Possession by 3.sg
ayakkabısını	Possession by 3.sg
teklifinizi	Possession by 2.pl
önceliğin	Possession by 2.sg
cımbızıma	Possession by 3.pl
yatağım	Possession by 3.pl
serdi	None
yanıtınızdan	Possession by 2.pl
ucubelerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
gelirim	Possession by 3.pl
yapmalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
kullanıcılarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
dizemizin	Possession by 1.pl
şeriattiniz	None
tabancalarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
kavramın	Possession by 2.sg
imamlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
yapmanı	Possession by 2.sg
günlerimde	Possession by 3.pl
bazdım	None
adınıza	Possession by 2.pl
deposu	Possession by 3.sg
zurnamızı	Possession by 1.pl
kilerlerimden	Possession by 3.pl
unuttuk	None
termometresi	Possession by 3.sg
feribotu	Possession by 3.sg
üyeliğim	Possession by 3.pl
düşünürsünüz	None
öğrencilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
yorumunuza	Possession by 2.pl
direği	Possession by 3.sg
bitkin	Possession by 2.sg
söyleşinin	Possession by 2.sg
belden	Possession by 2.sg
türünüze	Possession by 2.pl
tiyatrolarsınız	None
yaratmamızın	Possession by 1.pl
birliklerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
içgüdüsünün	Possession by 3.sg
Kopenhaglımızı	Possession by 1.pl
eğleniyor	None
otogarı	Possession by 3.sg
mikroorganizmalarda	None
uzaylar	None
idarelerden	None
şeylerdi	None
sabanlar	None
sağlayıcıların	Possession by 2.sg
yuvasına	Possession by 3.sg
rüyalarım	Possession by 3.pl
kelebeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
bitmelerime	Possession by 3.pl
giysiyi	None
acıkmazsın	None
doğdun	None
kameralarımız	Possession by 1.pl
mantığım	Possession by 3.pl
vilayeti	Possession by 3.sg
mısırda	None
geyikten	None
medresesinin	Possession by 3.sg
marangozlar	None
kahramanlar	None
evrenimizin	Possession by 1.pl
futbolcuyum	None
lezyonumuzu	Possession by 1.pl
hükûmeti	Possession by 3.sg
yerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
mumyaların	Possession by 2.sg
parmağınızı	Possession by 2.pl
migrenlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
bulundu	None
kesesine	Possession by 3.sg
görüşü	Possession by 3.sg
kürküm	Possession by 3.pl
çizgileriz	None
hindisi	Possession by 3.sg
yapman	Possession by 2.sg
önümüzü	Possession by 1.pl
evrenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
korunmasında	Possession by 3.sg
bölgemizden	Possession by 1.pl
topu	None
krizin	Possession by 2.sg
öpücüğün	Possession by 2.sg
oltanın	Possession by 2.sg
müşterisini	Possession by 3.sg
yardımseverlik	None
mihrabım	Possession by 3.pl
yanak	None
yarasalar	None
cümlem	Possession by 3.pl
tabaklarda	None
taçların	Possession by 2.sg
sekmelerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
bastonu	Possession by 3.sg
halkımız	Possession by 1.pl
kuralın	Possession by 2.sg
senaryoya	None
dağılıyorlar	None
kalkanların	None
derecesine	Possession by 3.sg
protestondan	Possession by 2.sg
gemilerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
ülkesini	Possession by 3.sg
aynasında	Possession by 3.sg
delinin	Possession by 2.sg
doktrinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
izleyicide	None
yalancıymış	None
fizikçilerden	None
altınların	Possession by 2.sg
düşmanım	Possession by 3.pl
bakmanızı	Possession by 2.pl
kurumumuzun	Possession by 1.pl
sayfasında	Possession by 3.sg
saklanırlar	None
duyusuna	Possession by 3.sg
başrahibin	Possession by 2.sg
çapı	Possession by 3.sg
sıçanlar	None
demedim	None
çatalın	Possession by 2.sg
cinlerin	Possession by 2.sg
noktasından	Possession by 3.sg
geçmişim	Possession by 3.pl
araç	None
beldemizi	Possession by 1.pl
atıldı	None
tasarımların	Possession by 2.sg
psikoterapimiz	Possession by 1.pl
belleklerde	None
yoğurdum	Possession by 3.pl
yeterlilik	None
sandviçi	Possession by 3.sg
dışkısından	Possession by 3.sg
betiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
eşcinselin	Possession by 2.sg
ekonomistlere	None
ambulansı	Possession by 3.sg
pusulasının	Possession by 3.sg
şuurumuzda	Possession by 1.pl
denizanalarının	None
mağarasının	Possession by 3.sg
dervişlerin	Possession by 2.sg
kirpisi	Possession by 3.sg
bardakların	Possession by 2.sg
sürüm	Possession by 3.pl
lordlar	None
örneğimiz	Possession by 1.pl
öğretiyorlardı	None
kovboylarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
temsilcisine	Possession by 3.sg
okiyanızı	Possession by 2.pl
bileziği	Possession by 3.sg
fikirlerimize	Possession by 1.pl
ısısına	Possession by 3.sg
yörelerin	Possession by 2.sg
soruların	Possession by 2.sg
katarı	Possession by 3.sg
sahifemden	Possession by 3.pl
matruşka	None
taradım	None
abacılardınız	None
öküzü	Possession by 3.sg
devinmiyor	None
başkanların	Possession by 2.sg
üyesinde	Possession by 3.sg
sürgünüme	Possession by 3.pl
beldesine	Possession by 3.sg
kürkemizde	Possession by 1.pl
cevherden	None
kolaylığım	Possession by 3.pl
maymunun	Possession by 2.sg
krizantemimde	Possession by 3.pl
çarmıhta	None
sözcüsü	Possession by 3.sg
yonganın	Possession by 2.sg
aracın	Possession by 2.sg
şeyi	Possession by 3.sg
sitemize	Possession by 1.pl
gizemin	Possession by 2.sg
verisinden	Possession by 3.sg
makarası	Possession by 3.sg
kolonyasın	None
kullanışı	Possession by 3.sg
kurumun	Possession by 2.sg
striptizimde	Possession by 3.pl
erimesine	Possession by 3.sg
uygulamaların	Possession by 2.sg
bereketi	Possession by 3.sg
kemanıma	Possession by 3.pl
ortasını	Possession by 3.sg
derneği	Possession by 3.sg
ecesi	Possession by 3.sg
oyuncağıma	Possession by 3.pl
lastiklerin	Possession by 2.sg
böbreğin	Possession by 2.sg
akrabalarım	Possession by 3.pl
nohutu	Possession by 3.sg
mermisini	Possession by 3.sg
sitelerin	Possession by 2.sg
popumun	Possession by 3.pl
tundralarımda	Possession by 3.pl
adalet	None
turşusu	Possession by 3.sg
arzusundan	Possession by 3.sg
farelerin	Possession by 2.sg
kahvesinin	Possession by 3.sg
amacımızın	Possession by 1.pl
yardımınız	Possession by 2.pl
göndereceksiniz	None
aynalardan	None
seçmesine	Possession by 3.sg
çıkarıyor	None
kalemi	Possession by 3.pl
oteli	Possession by 3.sg
enstrümanda	None
devrimin	Possession by 2.sg
haberimiz	Possession by 1.pl
rakamı	Possession by 3.sg
delmeyeceksin	None
boşalmasından	Possession by 3.sg
fırtınalardan	None
kullanıcıların	Possession by 2.sg
yazarsınız	None
çilden	None
geçmişime	Possession by 3.pl
bağladılar	None
mustatillerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
pozisyonların	Possession by 2.sg
dalgasını	Possession by 3.sg
kullanımımıza	Possession by 1.pl
yapmamda	Possession by 3.pl
sessizliğin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanıcılarımızın	Possession by 1.pl
düzeltirler	None
jenerasyonun	Possession by 2.sg
bilgilerin	Possession by 2.sg
çapın	Possession by 2.sg
udun	Possession by 2.sg
yoğurtlarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
etlerden	None
mevzunun	Possession by 2.sg
bahçesinin	Possession by 3.sg
havuçlar	None
başkentin	Possession by 2.sg
kuruş	None
kuyuların	Possession by 2.sg
asteroitlerin	Possession by 2.sg
isime	Possession by 3.pl
makyajın	Possession by 2.sg
mutfaklardan	None
kirpinin	Possession by 2.sg
beyti	Possession by 3.sg
arayacağım	None
masası	Possession by 3.sg
seçmenlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yalıtımın	Possession by 2.sg
bataryalardan	None
trafikte	None
bağladı	None
geçmişinizi	Possession by 2.pl
senaryosunu	Possession by 3.sg
yumurtalıklarda	None
klişesi	Possession by 3.sg
bilginden	Possession by 2.sg
tercihiniz	Possession by 2.pl
merdivenin	Possession by 2.sg
tahditlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
fikrinize	Possession by 2.pl
gölgesine	Possession by 3.sg
hemşirenin	Possession by 2.sg
ambulansın	Possession by 2.sg
hatası	Possession by 3.sg
salıncağımın	Possession by 3.pl
çorbası	Possession by 3.sg
halkı	Possession by 3.sg
umuyor	None
bitkiye	None
cephenin	Possession by 2.sg
çarmıhımdan	Possession by 3.pl
balıklardır	None
hızınızı	Possession by 2.pl
sapar	None
şeriat'inizi	Possession by 2.pl
çıkıyordu	None
jokeyde	None
haberlerinizi	Possession by 2.pl
paylaştırmasını	Possession by 3.sg
eşyaların	Possession by 2.sg
silindirlerimizden	Possession by 1.pl
şeylerin	Possession by 2.sg
bisikletlerin	Possession by 2.sg
lastiğin	Possession by 2.sg
bileğimizden	Possession by 1.pl
okuyorsun	None
götürdüler	None
kurtaracak	None
arz	None
üçlülerinizde	Possession by 2.pl
hamburgerimin	Possession by 3.pl
örerler	None
yaran	Possession by 2.sg
makinesi	Possession by 3.sg
doğuracak	None
mumu	Possession by 3.sg
maaşa	None
köylümüzün	Possession by 1.pl
kilisede	None
tanenin	Possession by 2.sg
yapışmasına	Possession by 3.sg
künefenin	None
sevap	None
tatiller	None
salataydık	None
hatamı	Possession by 3.pl
geminin	Possession by 2.sg
yorumlarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
rüyam	Possession by 3.pl
konusunu	Possession by 3.sg
ekimde	Possession by 3.pl
tercihlerin	Possession by 2.sg
ayakkabılarda	None
vermiyor	None
adamı	Possession by 3.sg
takıların	Possession by 2.sg
vaktin	Possession by 2.sg
basketbolculardan	None
değilde	None
müdürü	Possession by 3.sg
tornavidayı	None
ayağınıza	Possession by 2.pl
çapınızın	Possession by 2.pl
koca	None
olursun	None
karpuzun	Possession by 2.sg
kirpilerdim	None
konu	None
doğumun	Possession by 3.pl
işlemcilerin	Possession by 2.sg
gelincikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
otomobillerin	Possession by 2.sg
istemiyor	None
maskesine	Possession by 3.sg
öğretilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
kocasının	Possession by 3.sg
şarkımı	Possession by 3.pl
lokum	None
camiden	None
kalamarlar	None
ekinoksta	None
yarar	None
söğüdün	Possession by 2.sg
amacınızı	Possession by 2.pl
hızımızı	Possession by 1.pl
derlemenin	Possession by 2.sg
bölümlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
işletmeyi	None
onarız	None
içeriyor	None
kapım	Possession by 3.pl
musluğun	Possession by 2.sg
ortamların	Possession by 2.sg
paylaşımı	Possession by 3.sg
sevgilinin	Possession by 2.sg
programlatmadı	None
puanı	Possession by 3.sg
başlangıcın	Possession by 2.sg
reaktörü	Possession by 3.sg
ummanların	Possession by 2.sg
tohumlara	None
sevenler	None
gazetesinden	Possession by 3.sg
merkezi	None
papirüsün	Possession by 2.sg
yutağın	Possession by 2.sg
camini	Possession by 2.sg
sayfalarımızda	Possession by 1.pl
mevkilerden	None
çipinize	Possession by 2.pl
kağıdın	Possession by 2.sg
ikilemi	Possession by 3.sg
seçmenden	Possession by 2.sg
verilerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
zurnaydınız	None
ayrımcılığın	Possession by 2.sg
odasına	Possession by 3.sg
yaratmadan	None
ortasında	Possession by 3.sg
mermisi	Possession by 3.sg
kimliklerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
çekirdeklerin	Possession by 2.sg
fotoğrafı	Possession by 3.sg
bakirenizden	Possession by 2.pl
yakasının	Possession by 3.sg
dutu	None
sağduyusu	Possession by 3.sg
üyeliğiniz	Possession by 2.pl
dersimi	Possession by 3.pl
tercümanın	Possession by 2.sg
vazoların	Possession by 2.sg
açar	None
şalı	Possession by 3.sg
keşimizde	Possession by 1.pl
okulumuza	Possession by 1.pl
bakman	Possession by 2.sg
ebemizden	Possession by 1.pl
karısında	Possession by 3.sg
bükmelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
anafazı	Possession by 3.sg
bildiriyorum	None
pustu	None
kaplanlarda	None
çekirdekler	None
sanatçıların	None
haberin	Possession by 2.sg
karşılığımdan	Possession by 3.pl
halkım	Possession by 3.pl
yıpratacaklar	None
krizantemlerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
ücretliliğinizde	Possession by 2.pl
kategorilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
ortan	Possession by 2.sg
tasam	Possession by 3.pl
heteroseksüelsiniz	None
yapmama	Possession by 3.pl
acını	Possession by 2.sg
laboratuvarda	None
yaram	Possession by 3.pl
uyku	None
futbolcusundan	Possession by 3.sg
embriyosunun	Possession by 3.sg
hatırlarım	Possession by 3.pl
sayfan	Possession by 2.sg
tiyatrom	Possession by 3.pl
verirler	None
şişlikler	None
uygulamanı	Possession by 2.sg
lokumu	Possession by 3.sg
sargıların	Possession by 2.sg
tanıma	Possession by 3.pl
güvensizliklerimin	Possession by 3.pl
solunumun	Possession by 2.sg
yelkenin	Possession by 2.sg
menekşelerimizde	Possession by 1.pl
üretiyorlardı	None
sıvıları	None
sayfanıza	Possession by 2.pl
yoluma	Possession by 3.pl
kapasitenin	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmama	Possession by 3.pl
nohutların	Possession by 2.sg
vaktiniz	Possession by 2.pl
masallarımda	Possession by 3.pl
mumların	Possession by 2.sg
çetesinden	Possession by 3.sg
müşteriler	None
bombaların	Possession by 2.sg
konacak	None
karakterinize	Possession by 2.pl
kâinatı	Possession by 3.sg
paşasının	Possession by 3.sg
mayonu	Possession by 2.sg
kullanmam	Possession by 3.pl
soylular	None
solumam	None
camisinin	Possession by 3.sg
protestolarımda	Possession by 3.pl
mevkisinin	Possession by 3.sg
karıncanın	Possession by 2.sg
dikkatlerin	Possession by 2.sg
yakama	Possession by 3.pl
yersin	None
lezzeti	Possession by 3.sg
şahınızı	Possession by 2.pl
yetiştirmeyeceksiniz	None
salonlarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
derisi	Possession by 3.sg
kilisesinden	Possession by 3.sg
sorunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
yongamızda	Possession by 1.pl
çetelerden	None
kabalığın	Possession by 2.sg
vikipedistten	None
butonların	None
fikirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
entrikaya	None
yerimde	Possession by 3.pl
yolcularımdan	Possession by 3.pl
kalıp	None
sonumu	Possession by 3.pl
palyaçolar	None
hükûmetlerin	Possession by 2.sg
acemisini	Possession by 3.sg
geçmişiniz	Possession by 2.pl
kategorimiz	Possession by 1.pl
uygulamasının	Possession by 3.sg
ateşimin	Possession by 3.pl
günahım	Possession by 3.pl
yarasını	Possession by 3.sg
bohçalarımız	Possession by 1.pl
aşure	None
ikazlarınıza	Possession by 2.pl
cenazeden	None
hasretin	Possession by 2.sg
tuşun	None
bıçağın	Possession by 2.sg
sahneye	None
anjiyografi	None
savaşır	None
masalarda	None
fotoğrafçıydık	None
göbeği	Possession by 3.sg
askerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
akbabası	Possession by 3.sg
kaderime	Possession by 3.pl
sonuçların	Possession by 2.sg
anmaz	None
teklifimi	Possession by 3.pl
bin	None
rüzgarları	None
yapbozlarımın	Possession by 3.pl
kartpostalımızın	Possession by 1.pl
balamozduk	None
inim	Possession by 3.pl
şivelerde	None
yorumlarınız	Possession by 2.pl
körlerin	Possession by 2.sg
çığlığın	Possession by 2.sg
dizeye	None
karmalarda	None
balinası	Possession by 3.sg
masumiyeti	Possession by 3.sg
mikroplardan	None
kıskanırım	None
soygazların	Possession by 2.sg
yapışmalarımızı	Possession by 1.pl
sınıfı	Possession by 3.sg
bülbüllerin	Possession by 2.sg
karakterlerin	Possession by 2.sg
küpelerinizden	Possession by 2.pl
hinterlandı	Possession by 3.sg
çeviririm	None
mutfağa	None
eşcinseller	None
sayfalarımıza	Possession by 1.pl
bilgilerim	Possession by 3.pl
tanımın	Possession by 3.pl
armağanları	None
asimptotunuzdan	Possession by 2.pl
dul	None
lokması	Possession by 3.sg
okiyanızın	Possession by 2.pl
binlerin	Possession by 2.sg
inanmıyordunuz	None
kategorisine	Possession by 3.sg
gösterime	Possession by 3.pl
istisnamızda	Possession by 1.pl
vazosu	Possession by 3.sg
ülkemiz	Possession by 1.pl
payların	Possession by 2.sg
verilmez	None
tekrarlardan	None
bağlar	None
fotoğrafçısı	Possession by 3.sg
giyecekler	None
ilişkisini	Possession by 3.sg
sayfalarınızı	Possession by 2.pl
kullanmamız	Possession by 1.pl
karşılarda	None
rahibi	Possession by 3.sg
hudutlar	None
görüşlerimizi	Possession by 1.pl
arpası	Possession by 3.sg
çubuk	None
sürüdük	None
karnabahara	None
mezrada	None
pırasayı	None
işkencecilerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
türevi	Possession by 3.sg
seçmene	Possession by 2.sg
tulumu	Possession by 3.sg
tanem	Possession by 3.pl
sitemden	Possession by 3.pl
isimin	Possession by 3.pl
veterinerin	Possession by 2.sg
noktalarımda	Possession by 3.pl
kalbimiz	Possession by 1.pl
cadıyı	None
şovların	Possession by 2.sg
laboratuvarın	Possession by 2.sg
nedimesi	Possession by 3.sg
kuvvetlerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
asasının	Possession by 3.sg
asarlar	None
tanrısının	Possession by 3.sg
tadım	Possession by 3.pl
kutusunda	Possession by 3.sg
korunmasının	Possession by 3.sg
spama	None
sacları	None
bulutlar	None
cevabımın	Possession by 3.pl
rotorlarımız	Possession by 1.pl
çişime	Possession by 3.pl
bademi	Possession by 3.sg
sarmaşığın	Possession by 2.sg
gafı	Possession by 3.sg
perinin	Possession by 2.sg
öğretimin	Possession by 3.pl
hastasında	Possession by 3.sg
ayrımcılıkların	Possession by 2.sg
öğrencilerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
çıktınız	Possession by 2.pl
hamsiler	None
şekerpare	None
alevlerden	None
akısına	Possession by 3.sg
aşurelerimiz	Possession by 1.pl
şehirlerin	Possession by 2.sg
heykelciğin	Possession by 2.sg
şarkıcılarınız	Possession by 2.pl
akrabalarda	None
protestomu	Possession by 3.pl
vadesinin	Possession by 3.sg
nedimemizden	Possession by 1.pl
eşikleriniz	Possession by 2.pl
işçinin	Possession by 2.sg
klatrattan	None
deline	Possession by 2.sg
şampiyonluk	None
rahiplerdin	None
görüşlerinizin	Possession by 2.pl
sürücümden	Possession by 3.pl
yapmadınız	None
işlemcisinde	Possession by 3.sg
şalvarı	Possession by 3.sg
kalıbın	Possession by 2.sg
yörekenti	Possession by 3.sg
yıktın	None
kazanıyordu	None
müzisyenim	Possession by 3.pl
yaptırırsın	None
lezbiyenlerimizin	Possession by 1.pl
kalbimizin	Possession by 1.pl
arıstaklardan	None
şeriatmiş	None
gelişmedin	None
çökerticisi	Possession by 3.sg
