agarravam	Third person Plural
mimados	None
enlaçadas	None
arejando	None
abordadas	None
abastardarias	Second person Singular
opto	First person Singular
facilitam	Third person Plural
cicatrizássemos	First person Plural
redirecionou	Third person Singular
vermelhejadas	None
anuláveis	Second person Plural
adiantavam	Third person Plural
abdicou	Third person Singular
exercereis	Second person Plural
remontará	Third person Singular
espedidos	None
pegou	Third person Singular
efetuarei	First person Singular
retrocedem	Third person Plural
abraçassem	Third person Plural
mordeu	Third person Singular
executarão	Third person Plural
aguentariam	Third person Plural
consignou	Third person Singular
cloro	First person Singular
fizermos	First person Plural
wikificadas	None
encaixam	Third person Plural
redirecionastes	Second person Plural
arremessam	Third person Plural
secretado	None
tardo	First person Singular
apadrinharás	Second person Singular
orientáveis	Second person Plural
protegei	Second person Plural
domados	None
condiziam	Third person Plural
viajam	Third person Plural
desnudo	First person Singular
atiravam	Third person Plural
amavam	Third person Plural
vermos	First person Plural
chapado	None
acelarareis	Second person Plural
aprisionam	Third person Plural
seqüestro	First person Singular
ajustou	Third person Singular
cativarão	Third person Plural
haveremos	First person Plural
exigida	None
interpretam	Third person Plural
estendem	Third person Plural
estares	Second person Singular
vararíeis	Second person Plural
erigidos	None
ocupassem	Third person Plural
afixando	None
expulsassem	Third person Plural
eliminada	None
emperrou	Third person Singular
revoltou	Third person Singular
apontará	Third person Singular
proibiu	Third person Singular
engodássemos	First person Plural
unissem	Third person Plural
infiltrou	Third person Singular
distratareis	Second person Plural
truncadas	None
derrotei	First person Singular
moram	Third person Plural
sobraçarei	First person Singular
assaltou	Third person Singular
alforrias	Second person Singular
construirem	Third person Plural
rufada	None
participadas	None
listarás	Second person Singular
caducou	Third person Singular
secarás	Second person Singular
assinei	First person Singular
pensávamos	First person Plural
enganamos	First person Plural
ofereciam	Third person Plural
referias	Second person Singular
resumidas	None
desfruto	First person Singular
insistiam	Third person Plural
abalará	Third person Singular
costumo	First person Singular
influído	None
bordadas	None
coadjuvassem	Third person Plural
ousadas	None
cultivo	First person Singular
requeridas	None
documentando	None
dinamizando	None
desligou	Third person Singular
simpatizada	None
planados	None
desbloqueio	First person Singular
rapto	First person Singular
desniveladas	None
crescida	None
lotas	Second person Singular
lixados	None
destelhando	None
arrotámos	First person Plural
valorizadas	None
envernizados	None
russificadas	None
exercido	None
liberto	First person Singular
descartada	None
treinavam	Third person Plural
incubadas	None
desobrigou	Third person Singular
ajudando	None
removessem	Third person Plural
orbitou	Third person Singular
reflito	First person Singular
gerenciados	None
borboleteado	None
evaporou	Third person Singular
ultrapassamos	First person Plural
generalizou	Third person Singular
apressam	Third person Plural
desagravo	First person Singular
requerido	None
obedeço	First person Singular
viajaste	Second person Singular
importo	First person Singular
viravam	Third person Plural
tintas	Second person Singular
distribuída	None
desmontado	None
datando	None
saberá	Third person Singular
aprovavam	Third person Plural
falseando	None
censurado	None
amansando	None
revolvíamos	First person Plural
deslocam	Third person Plural
prejudicassem	Third person Plural
voavam	Third person Plural
encerrará	Third person Singular
telefonaste	Second person Singular
descartáveis	Second person Plural
têm	Third person Plural
reiniciando	None
romanizou	Third person Singular
quintareis	Second person Plural
distribuem	Third person Plural
temei	Second person Plural
atravancando	None
ornávamos	First person Plural
tocou	Third person Singular
procedeu	Third person Singular
ideada	None
chamo	First person Singular
patrulhou	Third person Singular
desferindo	None
integrou	Third person Singular
abordariam	Third person Plural
queriam	Third person Plural
impulsionada	None
perspetivei	First person Singular
unificam	Third person Plural
desacreditou	Third person Singular
desabafei	First person Singular
implementavam	Third person Plural
gozam	Third person Plural
resolverei	First person Singular
pregado	None
voltariam	Third person Plural
alegrai	Second person Plural
salvadas	None
seguirá	Third person Singular
açoutada	None
integrado	None
copiados	None
raspavam	Third person Plural
aumentado	None
sorveríamos	First person Plural
ensino	First person Singular
alertou	Third person Singular
zeram	Third person Plural
reutilizando	None
embaçada	None
interrompiam	Third person Plural
hibridizam	Third person Plural
acomodado	None
aprovisionaremos	First person Plural
enfileiram	Third person Plural
aceitam	Third person Plural
enviará	Third person Singular
indultado	None
buscamos	First person Plural
obtêm	Third person Plural
esgrimidos	None
enfrentaríamos	First person Plural
comprará	Third person Singular
calcificadas	None
amedorentando	None
minerais	Second person Plural
descartados	None
memorizaremos	First person Plural
editarei	First person Singular
chupámos	First person Plural
abrasileirando	None
dirigem	Third person Plural
acondicionada	None
arrendou	Third person Singular
desmontam	Third person Plural
transformando	None
passariam	Third person Plural
mitigadas	None
oxidam	Third person Plural
esforço	First person Singular
afizeres	Second person Singular
retomáveis	Second person Plural
presidem	Third person Plural
abdicassem	Third person Plural
tosquiadas	None
timbrado	None
aglutinou	Third person Singular
implicou	Third person Singular
ferrareis	Second person Plural
filtrou	Third person Singular
coroado	None
pretendíamos	First person Plural
notas	Second person Singular
jorro	First person Singular
denotando	None
selecionamos	First person Plural
cosendo	None
pilhassem	Third person Plural
suportáveis	Second person Plural
disfarçamos	First person Plural
chegarei	First person Singular
corroboram	Third person Plural
subverteu	Third person Singular
rastelo	First person Singular
respeitarei	First person Singular
despejam	Third person Plural
solastes	Second person Plural
definida	None
riscada	None
argumento	First person Singular
ocupo	First person Singular
ultrapassado	None
amai	Second person Plural
catequizou	Third person Singular
brisando	None
denominei	First person Singular
expressam	Third person Plural
enredados	None
acionando	None
soluço	First person Singular
agrado	First person Singular
interrogou	Third person Singular
proferiam	Third person Plural
filtravam	Third person Plural
transtornando	None
fatias	Second person Singular
escoando	None
burlada	None
englobavam	Third person Plural
sujeitou	Third person Singular
resumem	Third person Plural
escarrávamos	First person Plural
estalou	Third person Singular
esmagou	Third person Singular
cedo	First person Singular
subirei	First person Singular
tilintásseis	Second person Plural
comercializavam	Third person Plural
tachas	Second person Singular
emperrávamos	First person Plural
coçam	Third person Plural
ratificam	Third person Plural
segurará	Third person Singular
ofegas	Second person Singular
agregadas	None
diríamos	First person Plural
utilizariam	Third person Plural
pinto	First person Singular
transmitirá	Third person Singular
necessito	First person Singular
pusemos	First person Plural
critiquei	First person Singular
manifestam	Third person Plural
clamarei	First person Singular
pactada	None
manuseados	None
amoleceu	Third person Singular
pré-datáveis	Second person Plural
uniformizadas	None
cultivada	None
agrupam	Third person Plural
desmantelado	None
pressinto	First person Singular
estimulassem	Third person Plural
reabilitou	Third person Singular
magoas	Second person Singular
socorreu	Third person Singular
plagiou	Third person Singular
talhavam	Third person Plural
modificassem	Third person Plural
venero	First person Singular
implantáveis	Second person Plural
supõem	Third person Plural
degelo	First person Singular
fagulhado	None
vulcanizada	None
fornecido	None
visualizando	None
exercessem	Third person Plural
perpetrado	None
vazados	None
requentado	None
declinam	Third person Plural
temos	First person Plural
desejando	None
espremidos	None
canalizam	Third person Plural
enrolando	None
dissecando	None
revisto	First person Singular
selam	Third person Plural
investigamos	First person Plural
hispanizáreis	Second person Plural
odiadas	None
falai	Second person Plural
expatriou	Third person Singular
mordem	Third person Plural
significavam	Third person Plural
desalojou	Third person Singular
abandou	Third person Singular
provocará	Third person Singular
denominariam	Third person Plural
desmarcaríamos	First person Plural
evitaríamos	First person Plural
emprehendes	Second person Singular
larguei	First person Singular
condensam	Third person Plural
cicatrizado	None
concedessem	Third person Plural
gostassem	Third person Plural
deslastradas	None
assumiriam	Third person Plural
estruturou	Third person Singular
tragado	None
contesto	First person Singular
fumegavam	Third person Plural
agasalhamos	First person Plural
salvareis	Second person Plural
fecham	Third person Plural
estabelecessem	Third person Plural
excretam	Third person Plural
crestadas	None
secretadas	None
reunida	None
abandonarão	Third person Plural
fatorado	None
sincronizásseis	Second person Plural
descarregada	None
revoltas	Second person Singular
irrigáreis	Second person Plural
hidrogenado	None
migram	Third person Plural
representada	None
multipliquei	First person Singular
empurradas	None
judiada	None
apedrejado	None
alego	First person Singular
melado	None
algoritmizadas	None
divertiu	Third person Singular
enviei	First person Singular
redirecionado	None
convocavam	Third person Plural
acedidas	None
contrariam	Third person Plural
exilou	Third person Singular
empobrecem	Third person Plural
emitem	Third person Plural
defumada	None
enganchados	None
enraivecida	None
saciei	First person Singular
associam	Third person Plural
mascarada	None
fofocas	Second person Singular
içadas	None
golpeou	Third person Singular
liberadas	None
ampliadas	None
destacassem	Third person Plural
destaquei	First person Singular
vicejastes	Second person Plural
identificará	Third person Singular
sangravam	Third person Plural
pescam	Third person Plural
finastes	Second person Plural
serrou	Third person Singular
acasalou	Third person Singular
miras	Second person Singular
dilacerarias	Second person Singular
conjugando	None
refletirá	Third person Singular
finais	Second person Plural
roteado	None
saboreiam	Third person Plural
coloridos	None
inflamam	Third person Plural
depositada	None
propõem	Third person Plural
aparecem	Third person Plural
exigido	None
pensassem	Third person Plural
apreciamos	First person Plural
griparás	Second person Singular
atrapalhado	None
grampeados	None
enviarei	First person Singular
chegarão	Third person Plural
prosseguiu	Third person Singular
diferenciando	None
fingidas	None
numerais	Second person Plural
afixados	None
revertidas	None
meio	First person Singular
realçando	None
darás	Second person Singular
tocarão	Third person Plural
purgas	Second person Singular
encarando	None
floris	Second person Plural
programáveis	Second person Plural
pirateados	None
sonhado	None
preverias	Second person Singular
apago	First person Singular
atroando	None
sujeitam	Third person Plural
temperam	Third person Plural
manifestarei	First person Singular
reverti	First person Singular
respiramos	First person Plural
travasses	Second person Singular
troçando	None
reagrupassem	Third person Plural
viajei	First person Singular
ignorarei	First person Singular
jogáveis	Second person Plural
verteu	Third person Singular
berçou	Third person Singular
apitamos	First person Plural
desatinásseis	Second person Plural
amenizados	None
diagnosticam	Third person Plural
concretarias	Second person Singular
asfixiadas	None
discordassem	Third person Plural
concebido	None
ranqueada	None
tratastes	Second person Plural
janelo	First person Singular
aprendei	Second person Plural
zelam	Third person Plural
implementam	Third person Plural
manifestas	Second person Singular
saboreando	None
petrificados	None
aborreceu	Third person Singular
incentivei	First person Singular
embasando	None
aceitamos	First person Plural
apupais	Second person Plural
narradas	None
desabilitou	Third person Singular
caíssem	Third person Plural
papais	Second person Plural
desemaranhando	None
prorrogou	Third person Singular
apresentassem	Third person Plural
dependendo	None
estipulas	Second person Singular
originam	Third person Plural
corrigiu	Third person Singular
optavam	Third person Plural
apinhada	None
ensaboáramos	First person Plural
doiraríeis	Second person Plural
negavam	Third person Plural
operariam	Third person Plural
atingiam	Third person Plural
trairá	Third person Singular
lotadas	None
coçaremos	First person Plural
lixo	First person Singular
pacificado	None
sumindo	None
depositou	Third person Singular
seduziam	Third person Plural
encerro	First person Singular
abusou	Third person Singular
juro	First person Singular
tocadas	None
darão	Third person Plural
quarentenai	Second person Plural
munes	Second person Singular
convalidando	None
açucaradas	None
tiverdes	Second person Plural
lego	First person Singular
afligiu	Third person Singular
provocada	None
processando	None
inspiramos	First person Plural
fabricas	Second person Singular
escalo	First person Singular
antecipou	Third person Singular
laço	First person Singular
decreto	First person Singular
arranjado	None
contradiz	Third person Singular
trituravam	Third person Plural
recordáveis	Second person Plural
gabam	Third person Plural
prossigo	First person Singular
pacificas	Second person Singular
declaramos	First person Plural
segredada	None
revoltando	None
pretenderá	Third person Singular
mudando	None
chimarronearias	Second person Singular
acerais	Second person Plural
disponibilizou	Third person Singular
contrabalanceando	None
tiritada	None
aquietados	None
trabalhou	Third person Singular
percebiam	Third person Plural
substantivadas	None
chamaríamos	First person Plural
recusou	Third person Singular
afrontas	Second person Singular
debicarás	Second person Singular
amou	Third person Singular
restabelecíeis	Second person Plural
afastadas	None
formatam	Third person Plural
amaciassem	Third person Plural
falhei	First person Singular
conservou	Third person Singular
subsidiam	Third person Plural
reconsiderou	Third person Singular
descarregam	Third person Plural
ululai	Second person Plural
adorada	None
aprouvestes	Second person Plural
alçando	None
sugerindo	None
refrescam	Third person Plural
invalido	First person Singular
catai	Second person Plural
solas	Second person Singular
debitam	Third person Plural
aportuguesando	None
perderão	Third person Plural
atestada	None
engordou	Third person Singular
incorporavam	Third person Plural
volteei	First person Singular
reforçou	Third person Singular
assam	Third person Plural
passearíeis	Second person Plural
puno	First person Singular
repetidos	None
commandei	First person Singular
cavalgam	Third person Plural
tipificasses	Second person Singular
regas	Second person Singular
casado	None
pavimentados	None
localizássemos	First person Plural
piorada	None
anodizam	Third person Plural
fechassem	Third person Plural
perfilhadas	None
misturei	First person Singular
relatavam	Third person Plural
maduradas	None
expôs	Third person Singular
declino	First person Singular
tombou	Third person Singular
adestrareis	Second person Plural
sorteavam	Third person Plural
eletrocutado	None
contendêreis	Second person Plural
movidas	None
desmotivou	Third person Singular
floresceu	Third person Singular
patrulhávamos	First person Plural
enforcando	None
roubou	Third person Singular
liderados	None
calçados	None
deleto	First person Singular
desapontados	None
apelas	Second person Singular
inquirido	None
consumiu	Third person Singular
cuidará	Third person Singular
figuravam	Third person Plural
odeio	First person Singular
lambujamos	First person Plural
empoleirou	Third person Singular
ceceio	First person Singular
colaborariam	Third person Plural
assoviam	Third person Plural
escalas	Second person Singular
debuxo	First person Singular
vegetadas	None
simbolizado	None
desmontáveis	Second person Plural
contentastes	Second person Plural
dobráveis	Second person Plural
fartadas	None
pago	First person Singular
rebocada	None
constam	Third person Plural
indiciadas	None
ensinam	Third person Plural
findado	None
prorrogariam	Third person Plural
ajoelhados	None
transitáveis	Second person Plural
esporro	First person Singular
retornamos	First person Plural
acompanhados	None
auxiliassem	Third person Plural
tensionais	Second person Plural
devassas	Second person Singular
recrutavam	Third person Plural
panarás	Second person Singular
rodearíeis	Second person Plural
esperassem	Third person Plural
descontado	None
detestados	None
torturavam	Third person Plural
aceleram	Third person Plural
giravam	Third person Plural
lêsseis	Second person Plural
fiscalizavam	Third person Plural
forjas	Second person Singular
aceras	Second person Singular
desço	First person Singular
surpreendo	First person Singular
percebidas	None
atirei	First person Singular
vulgarizarias	Second person Singular
cometeu	Third person Singular
confirmamos	First person Plural
esgotou	Third person Singular
moeríamos	First person Plural
reduzida	None
desfrutarão	Third person Plural
cometerás	Second person Singular
babam	Third person Plural
ditam	Third person Plural
parei	First person Singular
conservadas	None
mantive	First person Singular
ocorrem	Third person Plural
consideraremos	First person Plural
denotados	None
finlandizastes	Second person Plural
encanto	First person Singular
apresentam	Third person Plural
sospeitamos	First person Plural
chefiavam	Third person Plural
corroboravam	Third person Plural
metabolizam	Third person Plural
votou	Third person Singular
incubando	None
arrastou	Third person Singular
trabalham	Third person Plural
destruirá	Third person Singular
clarificou	Third person Singular
bloqueio	First person Singular
imanámos	First person Plural
cessarão	Third person Plural
ardo	First person Singular
degolou	Third person Singular
concretizando	None
atentado	None
confessavam	Third person Plural
esfregas	Second person Singular
conjugou	Third person Singular
hesitavam	Third person Plural
notamos	First person Plural
atribuiu	Third person Singular
relembravam	Third person Plural
construirei	First person Singular
quintuplicareis	Second person Plural
insistido	None
resistiriam	Third person Plural
continuarei	First person Singular
realçadas	None
mastigam	Third person Plural
assombram	Third person Plural
avançadas	None
salgáreis	Second person Plural
instalavam	Third person Plural
boxearíamos	First person Plural
tripulando	None
nocauteáveis	Second person Plural
endossastes	Second person Plural
engessais	Second person Plural
hidratados	None
interferindo	None
desoxigenados	None
airada	None
conspirais	Second person Plural
distribuíam	Third person Plural
desmoronam	Third person Plural
extractaremos	First person Plural
figurou	Third person Singular
desinflamos	First person Plural
procederiam	Third person Plural
rasgou	Third person Singular
cambiais	Second person Plural
contatado	None
acariciam	Third person Plural
tocaias	Second person Singular
arruinam	Third person Plural
sondadas	None
mando	First person Singular
escondi	First person Singular
quisessem	Third person Plural
consertam	Third person Plural
herdassem	Third person Plural
goram	Third person Plural
reportei	First person Singular
multiplicará	Third person Singular
motivaras	Second person Singular
reagissem	Third person Plural
fracassadas	None
arrepanhásseis	Second person Plural
comprendendo	None
alegadas	None
liberamos	First person Plural
derrotadas	None
agaloávamos	First person Plural
pressentidas	None
violas	Second person Singular
divertida	None
engastai	Second person Plural
acontecerão	Third person Plural
juram	Third person Plural
brocharei	First person Singular
liquidaremos	First person Plural
fotografou	Third person Singular
escovas	Second person Singular
despiste	Second person Singular
acumulassem	Third person Plural
criticam	Third person Plural
deixariam	Third person Plural
desatada	None
engulo	First person Singular
topas	Second person Singular
promoverá	Third person Singular
reverteriam	Third person Plural
favorecem	Third person Plural
vislumbrou	Third person Singular
frisas	Second person Singular
justificou	Third person Singular
cotejo	First person Singular
consideráveis	Second person Plural
wikificando	None
proporcionariam	Third person Plural
patrulhas	Second person Singular
buzinas	Second person Singular
reverberam	Third person Plural
expandiu	Third person Singular
exporem	Third person Plural
agiu	Third person Singular
batucavam	Third person Plural
repetiam	Third person Plural
crecidos	None
alcunhastes	Second person Plural
gelada	None
barrados	None
acusássemos	First person Plural
consistirão	Third person Plural
apropriadas	None
doutrinadas	None
relacionado	None
farei	First person Singular
tipificando	None
queimo	First person Singular
descansavam	Third person Plural
invectivado	None
brincavam	Third person Plural
admitido	None
pressagiássemos	First person Plural
dormissem	Third person Plural
recebidos	None
adsorvesses	Second person Singular
adulteram	Third person Plural
internacionalizado	None
zumbiam	Third person Plural
estimo	First person Singular
arrumarei	First person Singular
datilografado	None
formulamos	First person Plural
mencionamos	First person Plural
desalento	First person Singular
encheriam	Third person Plural
olhais	Second person Plural
contrabalançaríamos	First person Plural
derreteu	Third person Singular
enganaste	Second person Singular
alonguei	First person Singular
medida	None
conseguidos	None
torcido	None
chefiam	Third person Plural
agendas	Second person Singular
veneráveis	Second person Plural
demandam	Third person Plural
ensejásseis	Second person Plural
derrotados	None
incorriam	Third person Plural
gozareis	Second person Plural
digerem	Third person Plural
minavam	Third person Plural
alcunhados	None
fundarão	Third person Plural
rezam	Third person Plural
cumprem	Third person Plural
chantageada	None
lesaras	Second person Singular
wikificou	Third person Singular
desorientada	None
duvidei	First person Singular
influenciou	Third person Singular
martirizando	None
alegro	First person Singular
acompridados	None
haveriam	Third person Plural
definiu	Third person Singular
vinham	Third person Plural
blandiciando	None
avançando	None
esperneando	None
expliquei	First person Singular
lanchada	None
pelejada	None
satisfazendo	None
perfeitos	None
fluíssem	Third person Plural
aprisionou	Third person Singular
sido	None
desvio	First person Singular
desengano	First person Singular
esfriado	None
alugámos	First person Plural
corroído	None
torramos	First person Plural
contentou	Third person Singular
palestras	Second person Singular
perpetuam	Third person Plural
coo	First person Singular
cativando	None
enforcou	Third person Singular
jungirei	First person Singular
turvarei	First person Singular
compactei	First person Singular
emagreceu	Third person Singular
sobrepujadas	None
abarcavam	Third person Plural
anexam	Third person Plural
remoêsseis	Second person Plural
despertam	Third person Plural
acrescentados	None
devorassem	Third person Plural
levantará	Third person Singular
rastelei	First person Singular
exteriorizando	None
credenciada	None
deletei	First person Singular
imaginas	Second person Singular
consagrariam	Third person Plural
alterando	None
comessem	Third person Plural
memorizando	None
percebes	Second person Singular
creu	Third person Singular
gadanhando	None
amorteciam	Third person Plural
anotou	Third person Singular
gripando	None
esmaltada	None
apresentei	First person Singular
sorteio	First person Singular
fluem	Third person Plural
rearranjado	None
estivestes	Second person Plural
citados	None
falamos	First person Plural
aboliu	Third person Singular
testemunho	First person Singular
interessou	Third person Singular
limitarei	First person Singular
interpõem	Third person Plural
espias	Second person Singular
forrado	None
abrasado	None
dinamitado	None
controlo	First person Singular
atazanará	Third person Singular
registavam	Third person Plural
encostando	None
alargavam	Third person Plural
bamboleáramos	First person Plural
refutavam	Third person Plural
emboscando	None
reportaremos	First person Plural
torcidas	None
desciam	Third person Plural
escancarou	Third person Singular
geados	None
lingotamos	First person Plural
procurei	First person Singular
nobilitas	Second person Singular
dominam	Third person Plural
resenhas	Second person Singular
ganíssemos	First person Plural
rejeitados	None
pesquisado	None
aberrarás	Second person Singular
queimando	None
brecaríeis	Second person Plural
emanado	None
faturando	None
facilitariam	Third person Plural
envenenando	None
ressaltavam	Third person Plural
cometeriam	Third person Plural
apreendido	None
motivará	Third person Singular
instigado	None
datadas	None
lendo	None
admiráveis	Second person Plural
conservarão	Third person Plural
alcançada	None
licitada	None
contrariarei	First person Singular
captam	Third person Plural
missado	None
exercerão	Third person Plural
invocavam	Third person Plural
minero	First person Singular
inquieto	First person Singular
passais	Second person Plural
triunfou	Third person Singular
penetram	Third person Plural
retornassem	Third person Plural
articulo	First person Singular
prosperada	None
silvas	Second person Singular
plasmariam	Third person Plural
pesquisei	First person Singular
entornáramos	First person Plural
esperámos	First person Plural
aflorada	None
poupou	Third person Singular
ligou	Third person Singular
maculou	Third person Singular
endereçáveis	Second person Plural
recebeu	Third person Singular
detalhavam	Third person Plural
capitalizarei	First person Singular
referenciais	Second person Plural
sentenciou	Third person Singular
avançará	Third person Singular
consegues	Second person Singular
referenciavam	Third person Plural
acreditei	First person Singular
assolavam	Third person Plural
submetidas	None
desentranhados	None
aprisionando	None
digitalizou	Third person Singular
maturam	Third person Plural
arrecadado	None
regeriam	Third person Plural
usei	First person Singular
mineravam	Third person Plural
dobras	Second person Singular
presidido	None
disputavam	Third person Plural
verdes	Second person Plural
simplificavam	Third person Plural
discerníramos	First person Plural
cavas	Second person Singular
venerado	None
scintilaríeis	Second person Plural
esquadrinhado	None
revogadas	None
desfizessem	Third person Plural
necessitou	Third person Singular
chupas	Second person Singular
sacai	Second person Plural
desmerecem	Third person Plural
acerbas	Second person Singular
reivindicavas	Second person Singular
conflitam	Third person Plural
aterrado	None
exteriorizo	First person Singular
invernou	Third person Singular
corrigirei	First person Singular
focada	None
consertado	None
reconheceu	Third person Singular
resgatou	Third person Singular
papadas	None
hibridizado	None
vegetam	Third person Plural
aparo	First person Singular
cavou	Third person Singular
pertenceriam	Third person Plural
copio	First person Singular
corresponderá	Third person Singular
concedem	Third person Plural
narrando	None
exteriorizada	None
inculcou	Third person Singular
democratizados	None
alegram	Third person Plural
resgatavam	Third person Plural
deverá	Third person Singular
assinarão	Third person Plural
bombardeio	First person Singular
empatou	Third person Singular
hospedará	Third person Singular
lesou	Third person Singular
desempenhamos	First person Plural
montavam	Third person Plural
atentou	Third person Singular
sano	First person Singular
quarentenas	Second person Singular
formassem	Third person Plural
importunam	Third person Plural
brocareis	Second person Plural
amontoavam	Third person Plural
desperdiçou	Third person Singular
politizaríamos	First person Plural
avivo	First person Singular
simplificamos	First person Plural
fazeis	Second person Plural
desmembrada	None
fizesses	Second person Singular
remoendo	None
precipitada	None
violados	None
substituo	First person Singular
simulássemos	First person Plural
considerou	Third person Singular
terminam	Third person Plural
computam	Third person Plural
sairemos	First person Plural
cometem	Third person Plural
inteirado	None
mudo	First person Singular
teríamos	First person Plural
unhas	Second person Singular
tapas	Second person Singular
embotai	Second person Plural
amontoado	None
mencionou	Third person Singular
portassem	Third person Plural
replantarás	Second person Singular
marcam	Third person Plural
comunicaremos	First person Plural
roçada	None
espetando	None
convidado	None
contrabalançam	Third person Plural
ajudas	Second person Singular
safando	None
detectadas	None
empenhei	First person Singular
protegessem	Third person Plural
refiz	First person Singular
desaconselhou	Third person Singular
semelhando	None
estandardizado	None
soltas	Second person Singular
ficais	Second person Plural
avancei	First person Singular
dissecados	None
passo	First person Singular
reverberado	None
esboçam	Third person Plural
oprimido	None
apoiavam	Third person Plural
escolheu	Third person Singular
compartilhei	First person Singular
airarei	First person Singular
saltam	Third person Plural
condenam	Third person Plural
hortados	None
folgado	None
assavam	Third person Plural
traçaríamos	First person Plural
facilitou	Third person Singular
putrefazei	Second person Plural
peregrinam	Third person Plural
envelhecida	None
cessando	None
extendem	Third person Plural
corado	None
educavam	Third person Plural
apreciámos	First person Plural
fumo	First person Singular
pedida	None
treino	First person Singular
sagrásseis	Second person Plural
fitas	Second person Singular
ziguezagueados	None
organizados	None
albergarias	Second person Singular
financiando	None
aerossolizarás	Second person Singular
cooperassem	Third person Plural
arrepio	First person Singular
sinterizados	None
bombarão	Third person Plural
padejados	None
neve	Third person Singular
arrefecesses	Second person Singular
detectáveis	Second person Plural
manuseiam	Third person Plural
voltearás	Second person Singular
enviamos	First person Plural
captadas	None
importando	None
caçoarás	Second person Singular
entrevistando	None
consultei	First person Singular
abrangeu	Third person Singular
vedas	Second person Singular
zuno	First person Singular
traduzissem	Third person Plural
enlataremos	First person Plural
pintas	Second person Singular
enlouquecem	Third person Plural
guiei	First person Singular
relatassem	Third person Plural
adotassem	Third person Plural
beijastes	Second person Plural
mirou	Third person Singular
montei	First person Singular
checo	First person Singular
desactivarás	Second person Singular
estilhaço	First person Singular
consentem	Third person Plural
reafirmados	None
participei	First person Singular
adorou	Third person Singular
expedidas	None
resfolegais	Second person Plural
prevejo	First person Singular
incentivando	None
auferiu	Third person Singular
treparás	Second person Singular
assinariam	Third person Plural
despregada	None
purgo	First person Singular
esquiado	None
obliteráveis	Second person Plural
comerá	Third person Singular
asfixias	Second person Singular
remanescem	Third person Plural
latias	Second person Singular
adoecendo	None
capturando	None
conduzirão	Third person Plural
apavorado	None
serviam	Third person Plural
graduais	Second person Plural
compadecêssemos	First person Plural
assolado	None
retarctando	None
registraremos	First person Plural
especializou	Third person Singular
desgostou	Third person Singular
plugado	None
finlandizadas	None
cascatearás	Second person Singular
encomendavam	Third person Plural
obviáramos	First person Plural
abandonavam	Third person Plural
ocorriam	Third person Plural
negociassem	Third person Plural
refeita	None
deglaçarias	Second person Singular
acerbando	None
cavalgando	None
descarregariam	Third person Plural
assediada	None
perguntada	None
engessadas	None
provará	Third person Singular
arregalaremos	First person Plural
auguras	Second person Singular
entrevistei	First person Singular
atropelou	Third person Singular
cogitei	First person Singular
desceriam	Third person Plural
esquecido	None
desistiu	Third person Singular
sobrados	None
decepei	First person Singular
conseguiu	Third person Singular
rimo	First person Singular
rendiam	Third person Plural
fusionaríeis	Second person Plural
emboscados	None
perpetuou	Third person Singular
documentais	Second person Plural
cotejando	None
colei	First person Singular
pedias	Second person Singular
azoto	First person Singular
raspam	Third person Plural
submeti	First person Singular
alou	Third person Singular
validam	Third person Plural
catalisou	Third person Singular
raciocino	First person Singular
cansas	Second person Singular
clicou	Third person Singular
dissermos	First person Plural
diferidos	None
proselitizamos	First person Plural
encerramos	First person Plural
sopram	Third person Plural
apaixono	First person Singular
prezado	None
roubará	Third person Singular
rebuscaríamos	First person Plural
pressionando	None
aliviada	None
definiremos	First person Plural
pintadas	None
existissem	Third person Plural
pilo	First person Singular
alicateáveis	Second person Plural
abraçáreis	Second person Plural
excetuam	Third person Plural
dormíeis	Second person Plural
executados	None
falassem	Third person Plural
recrudescido	None
atturamos	First person Plural
respondidas	None
retornando	None
ocupam	Third person Plural
rezai	Second person Plural
admirei	First person Singular
grassitavam	Third person Plural
conflitavam	Third person Plural
romanizado	None
demorado	None
relembro	First person Singular
acatada	None
concretizavam	Third person Plural
vivencias	Second person Singular
deveras	Second person Singular
ocasionais	Second person Plural
identificáreis	Second person Plural
tenderá	Third person Singular
amplio	First person Singular
singrou	Third person Singular
pareces	Second person Singular
barrias	Second person Singular
desligavam	Third person Plural
pesquisavam	Third person Plural
alegada	None
acalmassem	Third person Plural
avanças	Second person Singular
duvidou	Third person Singular
lesando	None
valerão	Third person Plural
fundará	Third person Singular
aventurei	First person Singular
extraída	None
aporias	Second person Singular
oitavaríeis	Second person Plural
integraríeis	Second person Plural
enchei	Second person Plural
analogizássemos	First person Plural
subjetivamos	First person Plural
brilhará	Third person Singular
ridicularizou	Third person Singular
incriminando	None
anuladas	None
casais	Second person Plural
adiando	None
perseguindo	None
abrasassem	Third person Plural
prorrogáveis	Second person Plural
transitarei	First person Singular
plagiando	None
bloqueei	First person Singular
influenciais	Second person Plural
tergiversados	None
potencializou	Third person Singular
respeitáveis	Second person Plural
acusando	None
separei	First person Singular
sobrecarregados	None
quadriculais	Second person Plural
pressionou	Third person Singular
industrializado	None
colorindo	None
parecidas	None
ab-rogada	None
refaço	First person Singular
migravam	Third person Plural
conseguindo	None
amais	Second person Plural
anonimizais	Second person Plural
agregou	Third person Singular
invocado	None
babai	Second person Plural
deitou	Third person Singular
concentravam	Third person Plural
vacinados	None
proporá	Third person Singular
adequam	Third person Plural
algemaras	Second person Singular
reconvocassem	Third person Plural
desmoralizados	None
legadas	None
sacada	None
calcada	None
escavam	Third person Plural
recapitulou	Third person Singular
gazeada	None
valorizamos	First person Plural
ilustrávamos	First person Plural
arrecadas	Second person Singular
catada	None
sinterizando	None
locais	Second person Plural
derribando	None
incomodou	Third person Singular
amputados	None
fizeres	Second person Singular
satisfariam	Third person Plural
chanfrada	None
constada	None
gerida	None
intervirá	Third person Singular
conheceu	Third person Singular
fedíeis	Second person Plural
revelo	First person Singular
valorizo	First person Singular
aglomeradas	None
decidiu	Third person Singular
pendurada	None
levai	Second person Plural
beijassem	Third person Plural
ziguezagueada	None
entendiam	Third person Plural
vertestes	Second person Plural
vadio	First person Singular
regressarão	Third person Plural
alinhados	None
deslogado	None
procediam	Third person Plural
ocultas	Second person Singular
delicias	Second person Singular
escasseadas	None
habituou	Third person Singular
apalpavam	Third person Plural
viam	Third person Plural
confiando	None
atestavam	Third person Plural
economizavam	Third person Plural
vaiavam	Third person Plural
removerei	First person Singular
soccedida	None
realizamos	First person Plural
babando	None
nasceu	Third person Singular
demonstro	First person Singular
ilustravam	Third person Plural
precipitados	None
polvilhamos	First person Plural
diplomou	Third person Singular
mirrado	None
desgalhadas	None
cortejados	None
sacrifico	First person Singular
desacelerados	None
sobrevivo	First person Singular
grafito	First person Singular
desfragmentásseis	Second person Plural
algemados	None
provassem	Third person Plural
evolvidas	None
balançou	Third person Singular
lamberíeis	Second person Plural
brilho	First person Singular
demarcando	None
panam	Third person Plural
lambucei	First person Singular
ocuparão	Third person Plural
maquinas	Second person Singular
piscas	Second person Singular
resenhados	None
tampámos	First person Plural
padejada	None
remetiam	Third person Plural
ceceados	None
desonrando	None
vertidos	None
amanho	First person Singular
traças	Second person Singular
espantam	Third person Plural
renomeiam	Third person Plural
alentou	Third person Singular
esforçam	Third person Plural
bancadas	None
ideais	Second person Plural
forneceriam	Third person Plural
bombeio	First person Singular
necessitando	None
ensaiado	None
machucaremos	First person Plural
devolverá	Third person Singular
penalizou	Third person Singular
adveio	Third person Singular
corrijo	First person Singular
alarmado	None
balanceada	None
vibráreis	Second person Plural
demoramos	First person Plural
correrão	Third person Plural
ordenamos	First person Plural
desejada	None
engancham	Third person Plural
apoderada	None
calarei	First person Singular
piaríamos	First person Plural
aliviaras	Second person Singular
estranham	Third person Plural
dependem	Third person Plural
voltarás	Second person Singular
nadareis	Second person Plural
averbou	Third person Singular
pilham	Third person Plural
renderizada	None
participassem	Third person Plural
compreenderá	Third person Singular
valiam	Third person Plural
desaparecidos	None
ornamentávamos	First person Plural
gerei	First person Singular
levantamos	First person Plural
derribastes	Second person Plural
atrapalhassem	Third person Plural
aproveitassem	Third person Plural
desejariam	Third person Plural
connectada	None
diferidas	None
centrifugado	None
disseminou	Third person Singular
rescaldado	None
enclausuradas	None
estabelecerão	Third person Plural
lavrou	Third person Singular
desgastei	First person Singular
irritada	None
sois	Second person Plural
palpitaste	Second person Singular
homenageiam	Third person Plural
reverteu	Third person Singular
desoxidaremos	First person Plural
usurpam	Third person Plural
sufocou	Third person Singular
enfrentará	Third person Singular
abrem	Third person Plural
anarquizará	Third person Singular
aventuras	Second person Singular
areado	None
areias	Second person Singular
enviaremos	First person Plural
dificultará	Third person Singular
financiará	Third person Singular
zombo	First person Singular
implorei	First person Singular
misturamos	First person Plural
possuídos	None
elevado	None
barateou	Third person Singular
fumáramos	First person Plural
discerniriam	Third person Plural
cozinhas	Second person Singular
reportassem	Third person Plural
penduravam	Third person Plural
gostais	Second person Plural
tangerás	Second person Singular
segregarei	First person Singular
afiliais	Second person Plural
usaste	Second person Singular
agregam	Third person Plural
reverterá	Third person Singular
punirá	Third person Singular
chouverás	Second person Singular
retorno	First person Singular
voltarei	First person Singular
impedirá	Third person Singular
expurgadas	None
cancelada	None
promovidas	None
mencionada	None
mastigavam	Third person Plural
prolongou	Third person Singular
adolescido	None
premio	First person Singular
assanhadas	None
enternecido	None
subestimam	Third person Plural
juras	Second person Singular
acontecidos	None
varrido	None
retirassem	Third person Plural
baixei	First person Singular
pelo	First person Singular
manejou	Third person Singular
acrescentada	None
desapegada	None
degeladas	None
adumbrais	Second person Plural
brilham	Third person Plural
batiam	Third person Plural
interessariam	Third person Plural
ajoelhavam	Third person Plural
sobrestimada	None
engendrada	None
recusassem	Third person Plural
tacteados	None
dublou	Third person Singular
embaralhado	None
sincronizados	None
recalcitras	Second person Singular
preferirão	Third person Plural
briguei	First person Singular
empaladas	None
eclipso	First person Singular
reclamo	First person Singular
voltamos	First person Plural
abnegavam	Third person Plural
apresto	First person Singular
invejavam	Third person Plural
estreavam	Third person Plural
cuidas	Second person Singular
tirada	None
resistem	Third person Plural
adiantaste	Second person Singular
cogitou	Third person Singular
chamariam	Third person Plural
acenado	None
activou	Third person Singular
enjoais	Second person Plural
renderizadas	None
veres	Second person Singular
gugladas	None
aventurou	Third person Singular
suscitam	Third person Plural
ardido	None
borbulhando	None
focando	None
rasgada	None
pautando	None
administrado	None
conectou	Third person Singular
embrulhadas	None
estávam	Third person Plural
tardou	Third person Singular
trajado	None
patrocinamos	First person Plural
obedeciam	Third person Plural
finco	First person Singular
esmeram	Third person Plural
acreditará	Third person Singular
antepúnhamos	First person Plural
transcreviam	Third person Plural
estenographáramos	First person Plural
combatiam	Third person Plural
ateassem	Third person Plural
contrapondo	None
acionou	Third person Singular
alimentam	Third person Plural
derrogados	None
renovadas	None
accusarás	Second person Singular
objetou	Third person Singular
transportou	Third person Singular
despejado	None
demitidas	None
contornou	Third person Singular
implementados	None
desmarquei	First person Singular
ruído	None
relatada	None
devolveu	Third person Singular
tenciono	First person Singular
entreteu	Third person Singular
descarregados	None
respigado	None
afagaríeis	Second person Plural
enxergam	Third person Plural
estupro	First person Singular
esperaríamos	First person Plural
assustam	Third person Plural
ocasionasses	Second person Singular
escutei	First person Singular
enrolo	First person Singular
apareceu	Third person Singular
providenciei	First person Singular
debochado	None
vergastáramos	First person Plural
rebocou	Third person Singular
enxertados	None
jaziam	Third person Plural
evoláveis	Second person Plural
subordinada	None
liderando	None
acarditará	Third person Singular
refugiou	Third person Singular
esfolavam	Third person Plural
empreguei	First person Singular
alojadas	None
maturando	None
quebrassem	Third person Plural
desprotegidas	None
promoveriam	Third person Plural
atingidos	None
aninham	Third person Plural
desapegados	None
cederá	Third person Singular
facturou	Third person Singular
amanteigada	None
consultará	Third person Singular
amalgamaríamos	First person Plural
analizada	None
rezo	First person Singular
amanhando	None
polinizarei	First person Singular
encantou	Third person Singular
trefilando	None
dignada	None
descendestes	Second person Plural
arfadas	None
obedecem	Third person Plural
danada	None
declarei	First person Singular
empreenderei	First person Singular
madrugaremos	First person Plural
beneficiados	None
versejada	None
obrigam	Third person Plural
cingem	Third person Plural
eliminariam	Third person Plural
espetada	None
atestam	Third person Plural
incapacitou	Third person Singular
forçassem	Third person Plural
conjeturavas	Second person Singular
soprando	None
imaginávamos	First person Plural
chegará	Third person Singular
exercitando	None
pressurizado	None
desperto	First person Singular
aposentada	None
laçados	None
vociferadas	None
chamas	Second person Singular
vacinado	None
entrará	Third person Singular
organizassem	Third person Plural
justificamos	First person Plural
recomendamos	First person Plural
compus	First person Singular
virassem	Third person Plural
repetem	Third person Plural
erguei	Second person Plural
desabalroássemos	First person Plural
acervaras	Second person Singular
conseguirás	Second person Singular
misturo	First person Singular
tornando	None
fundido	None
promovido	None
cifrando	None
garantirá	Third person Singular
esfarpadas	None
trouxessem	Third person Plural
transtornada	None
floresciam	Third person Plural
desesperam	Third person Plural
despercebei	Second person Plural
sediarão	Third person Plural
arremedariam	Third person Plural
ponderais	Second person Plural
criticou	Third person Singular
origináramos	First person Plural
assinalou	Third person Singular
goro	First person Singular
rezado	None
julgada	None
puxavam	Third person Plural
escolherás	Second person Singular
contrapostas	None
niqueláreis	Second person Plural
publicarei	First person Singular
aprisionavam	Third person Plural
detido	None
confiassem	Third person Plural
acusáreis	Second person Plural
desacompanhámos	First person Plural
julgavam	Third person Plural
equilibradas	None
fracassados	None
diferenciada	None
terminarão	Third person Plural
adivinhando	None
avançarão	Third person Plural
inocentaremos	First person Plural
sustas	Second person Singular
queimará	Third person Singular
entrelaçavam	Third person Plural
detalhas	Second person Singular
emperrado	None
precisam	Third person Plural
curei	First person Singular
sussurrou	Third person Singular
separáveis	Second person Plural
deixado	None
esculachando	None
arraigada	None
idolatrarei	First person Singular
afrontou	Third person Singular
zombarias	Second person Singular
incumbem	Third person Plural
enlouquecidas	None
calibravam	Third person Plural
alvejados	None
apaixonará	Third person Singular
atravancarias	Second person Singular
zurrou	Third person Singular
exibidos	None
beatificadas	None
requisitei	First person Singular
convocáveis	Second person Plural
avermelhado	None
atrasariam	Third person Plural
entregou	Third person Singular
apenso	First person Singular
regulamentas	Second person Singular
reparavam	Third person Plural
estou	First person Singular
casso	First person Singular
contraíssem	Third person Plural
convinda	None
tecem	Third person Plural
investirá	Third person Singular
reencheremos	First person Plural
abordavam	Third person Plural
remodelando	None
acarditados	None
adoto	First person Singular
guiam	Third person Plural
chegariam	Third person Plural
confrontou	Third person Singular
enamorados	None
salientando	None
rodará	Third person Singular
menciono	First person Singular
evolastes	Second person Plural
ridicularizásseis	Second person Plural
evitavam	Third person Plural
vomitam	Third person Plural
arrecadando	None
desagregados	None
diluem	Third person Plural
observam	Third person Plural
reencontrando	None
aquentaremos	First person Plural
angulados	None
compareciam	Third person Plural
reconhecidas	None
descercará	Third person Singular
unis	Second person Plural
morou	Third person Singular
revoltam	Third person Plural
culpas	Second person Singular
pontuam	Third person Plural
efetuei	First person Singular
decuplicadas	None
açoitaremos	First person Plural
presenciamos	First person Plural
despencados	None
mudará	Third person Singular
vigoram	Third person Plural
avaliou	Third person Singular
responsabilizam	Third person Plural
ancoravam	Third person Plural
comunicando	None
cruzei	First person Singular
apresentados	None
destruiu	Third person Singular
irrompiam	Third person Plural
houveras	Second person Singular
bateras	Second person Singular
exortassem	Third person Plural
obstruíssem	Third person Plural
desagravados	None
venceu	Third person Singular
depurásseis	Second person Plural
ditado	None
perambulado	None
sucumbido	None
invernado	None
nomeados	None
flutuam	Third person Plural
alarmou	Third person Singular
perturbarão	Third person Plural
surtadas	None
vociferado	None
pelejas	Second person Singular
pasteurizarei	First person Singular
mosqueada	None
achámos	First person Plural
conceituados	None
embelezou	Third person Singular
desculpo	First person Singular
compartilhavam	Third person Plural
consolidam	Third person Plural
contemplam	Third person Plural
antecipei	First person Singular
veto	First person Singular
tivesses	Second person Singular
quiseres	Second person Singular
despendido	None
capturada	None
finalizou	Third person Singular
abduzindo	None
checou	Third person Singular
espalhei	First person Singular
agravou	Third person Singular
reputando	None
realojados	None
surtam	Third person Plural
silvo	First person Singular
apuram	Third person Plural
fundou	Third person Singular
escolarizados	None
enraiveceu	Third person Singular
trocas	Second person Singular
unges	Second person Singular
pairando	None
corrompeu	Third person Singular
extraditando	None
fusionados	None
resfriam	Third person Plural
escaldado	None
conjecturas	Second person Singular
torno	First person Singular
produzem	Third person Plural
sentiremos	First person Plural
buscarei	First person Singular
devolveriam	Third person Plural
orlada	None
direis	Second person Plural
confirmavam	Third person Plural
faltariam	Third person Plural
pirei	First person Singular
permitiu	Third person Singular
acomodavam	Third person Plural
expandirá	Third person Singular
detestada	None
responsabilizamos	First person Plural
subscrevo	First person Singular
diferenciou	Third person Singular
executam	Third person Plural
permeavam	Third person Plural
soadas	None
comento	First person Singular
diminuirão	Third person Plural
dormireis	Second person Plural
mereço	First person Singular
reivindicadas	None
agradeciam	Third person Plural
panará	Third person Singular
iodavas	Second person Singular
contornavam	Third person Plural
unificareis	Second person Plural
desmoralizou	Third person Singular
arrasto	First person Singular
fatigais	Second person Plural
cuidarei	First person Singular
salvando	None
empreitada	None
purificada	None
derivas	Second person Singular
metralhas	Second person Singular
saquearemos	First person Plural
intimidando	None
refaz	Third person Singular
restaurou	Third person Singular
recolocáveis	Second person Plural
concedo	First person Singular
intoxicam	Third person Plural
contrapesarás	Second person Singular
opostas	None
deduzida	None
encaçapará	Third person Singular
educo	First person Singular
singrada	None
renovada	None
envolveriam	Third person Plural
personificaremos	First person Plural
fizerem	Third person Plural
reforçará	Third person Singular
privilegiou	Third person Singular
convencionado	None
apagas	Second person Singular
suspeitaste	Second person Singular
consideravam	Third person Plural
encaracolando	None
alteram	Third person Plural
reanalisado	None
planam	Third person Plural
rastejam	Third person Plural
encadeamos	First person Plural
soprada	None
pretendessem	Third person Plural
levantado	None
buscou	Third person Singular
gamaremos	First person Plural
deferido	None
coletas	Second person Singular
empregado	None
arrepiarei	First person Singular
abandonai	Second person Plural
vindos	None
viessem	Third person Plural
alumiada	None
deixou	Third person Singular
azedo	First person Singular
lastimado	None
deverias	Second person Singular
dobradas	None
dizem	Third person Plural
minguado	None
desencantou	Third person Singular
percorrerás	Second person Singular
airam	Third person Plural
enquadravam	Third person Plural
adulei	First person Singular
agradecerei	First person Singular
reduzem	Third person Plural
cansavam	Third person Plural
oxigenariam	Third person Plural
remarias	Second person Singular
acariciando	None
transformamos	First person Plural
recarregados	None
recolherá	Third person Singular
estimam	Third person Plural
misturas	Second person Singular
especulou	Third person Singular
