desprengut	None
imitats	None
advertits	None
suposà	Third person Singular
creus	Second person Singular
compilats	None
colades	None
descansat	None
llegiré	First person Singular
ensopits	None
desmagnetitzant	None
conjugaren	Third person Plural
identificarà	Third person Singular
daries	Second person Singular
relacionaven	Third person Plural
menis	Second person Singular
guerrejada	None
qüestiones	Second person Singular
agreguen	Third person Plural
sobreescalfats	None
escalessis	Second person Singular
habilitarà	Third person Singular
abrigades	None
viatjades	None
independitzà	Third person Singular
abeurant	None
involucrades	None
adquirir	None
comptes	Second person Singular
animats	None
verificades	None
partir	None
involucren	Third person Plural
laborats	None
entendreu	Second person Plural
rebutjarem	First person Plural
baten	Third person Plural
ajudarem	First person Plural
actuen	Third person Plural
mantens	Second person Singular
trigarà	Third person Singular
alliberaren	Third person Plural
endeutarien	Third person Plural
tinguessin	Third person Plural
restes	Second person Singular
encantarà	Third person Singular
punxes	Second person Singular
negociaves	Second person Singular
abreugen	Third person Plural
arrendà	Third person Singular
allotjaren	Third person Plural
interessareu	Second person Plural
progressat	None
laboro	First person Singular
llaví	First person Singular
desenvolupaven	Third person Plural
simplificada	None
espiaríem	First person Plural
causarà	Third person Singular
enterrar	None
caces	Second person Singular
respectada	None
finit	None
abaten	Third person Plural
homenatjades	None
revelaven	Third person Plural
publicats	None
servies	Second person Singular
marxo	First person Singular
esclatessin	Third person Plural
imprimien	Third person Plural
tardarien	Third person Plural
creaven	Third person Plural
neteges	Second person Singular
fusionarien	Third person Plural
il·legalitzat	None
sintonitzarà	Third person Singular
plantats	None
vehicularem	First person Plural
romprà	Third person Singular
aconsellaven	Third person Plural
aporto	First person Singular
aixequessin	Third person Plural
desobeïts	None
rebentí	First person Singular
parlaven	Third person Plural
traslladéssim	First person Plural
barallà	Third person Singular
sumaran	Third person Plural
compliren	Third person Plural
inicialitzes	Second person Singular
consultessin	Third person Plural
remuntaren	Third person Plural
sol·liciten	Third person Plural
esmorzen	Third person Plural
contribueixen	Third person Plural
restaurarà	Third person Singular
militaritzar	None
entregues	Second person Singular
escoltarien	Third person Plural
pregaríeu	Second person Plural
purifiquen	Third person Plural
tallaven	Third person Plural
devorats	None
discutint	None
plovien	Third person Plural
entreguis	Second person Singular
prohibeixen	Third person Plural
expandien	Third person Plural
entraré	First person Singular
narràveu	Second person Plural
comandes	Second person Singular
assenyalà	Third person Singular
escriuen	Third person Plural
labiovelaritzant	None
aprofito	First person Singular
aconseguiríem	First person Plural
guanyes	Second person Singular
oposis	Second person Singular
conduirien	Third person Plural
fusiones	Second person Singular
furada	None
derrueixo	First person Singular
corprès	None
preparaven	Third person Plural
mortificant	None
omplírem	First person Plural
acabàveu	Second person Plural
designats	None
debilitar	None
unflant	None
espiar	None
comptà	Third person Singular
botent	None
rentes	Second person Singular
marcats	None
alenes	Second person Singular
compondre	None
vinculades	None
ofenien	Third person Plural
fraternitzen	Third person Plural
apliques	Second person Singular
accepten	Third person Plural
juro	First person Singular
designen	Third person Plural
nacionalitzats	None
destinats	None
retràs	Second person Singular
contribuirien	Third person Plural
habilitàvem	First person Plural
descompost	None
autoritzà	Third person Singular
exasperar	None
purificats	None
disseminant	None
dificultarien	Third person Plural
alarmàrem	First person Plural
desbloquejar	None
noto	First person Singular
vehicularíeu	Second person Plural
sentireu	Second person Plural
desfan	Third person Plural
busquis	Second person Singular
estiuar	None
ocupades	None
apercebuda	None
liberalitzades	None
publicarien	Third person Plural
retornaran	Third person Plural
reiterats	None
escopida	None
inclinat	None
defensaríem	First person Plural
acabar	None
votarà	Third person Singular
encapçalaren	Third person Plural
il·luminant	None
tirades	None
abrandaré	First person Singular
manipulaven	Third person Plural
dialoguéssim	First person Plural
legislen	Third person Plural
enderroquen	Third person Plural
afusellada	None
corrompre	None
suïcides	Second person Singular
citats	None
traspassaven	Third person Plural
traduirem	First person Plural
dirigiries	Second person Singular
especialitzes	Second person Singular
relacionà	Third person Singular
conreades	None
descomponem	First person Plural
jugarem	First person Plural
cací	First person Singular
garanties	Second person Singular
ignoraren	Third person Plural
promourien	Third person Plural
resistiren	Third person Plural
controlarien	Third person Plural
redactant	None
dictis	Second person Singular
participen	Third person Plural
comprades	None
destorbí	First person Singular
batallà	Third person Singular
fertilitzàvem	First person Plural
ignorarà	Third person Singular
fomento	First person Singular
llatinitzades	None
compartien	Third person Plural
alfabetitzàveu	Second person Plural
alarmat	None
suplicant	None
solucionis	Second person Singular
inviten	Third person Plural
esdevenint	None
discuteixis	Second person Singular
queixaven	Third person Plural
compren	Third person Plural
arrestaven	Third person Plural
aprendran	Third person Plural
comprenien	Third person Plural
atempten	Third person Plural
fonen	Third person Plural
partirien	Third person Plural
activo	First person Singular
recuperessin	Third person Plural
laïcitzades	None
acordessin	Third person Plural
continuarien	Third person Plural
bufen	Third person Plural
obliquar	None
afusellades	None
pertanyen	Third person Plural
gratulada	None
baixant	None
concorreguessin	Third person Plural
demanen	Third person Plural
reies	Second person Singular
dinamitzada	None
arrodoníeu	Second person Plural
estimulen	Third person Plural
viurem	First person Plural
enviaven	Third person Plural
alarmaren	Third person Plural
encapçales	Second person Singular
tardada	None
retallen	Third person Plural
perdràs	Second person Singular
sobrevivien	Third person Plural
admiraven	Third person Plural
sancionen	Third person Plural
descomponent	None
marcant	None
blindat	None
cercà	Third person Singular
depengueren	Third person Plural
construiran	Third person Plural
capolat	None
traduïda	None
aconsegueixis	Second person Singular
centro	First person Singular
aplicaven	Third person Plural
polaritzen	Third person Plural
comandades	None
adjurar	None
penat	None
rodaren	Third person Plural
estabilitzaren	Third person Plural
oscil·lo	First person Singular
armes	Second person Singular
donat	None
lliurat	None
aportaran	Third person Plural
assumeixen	Third person Plural
prestes	Second person Singular
prego	First person Singular
pesares	Second person Singular
dieu	Second person Plural
secretaries	Second person Singular
paralitzen	Third person Plural
espolsades	None
sabem	First person Plural
lluites	Second person Singular
expulsareu	Second person Plural
noten	Third person Plural
acampen	Third person Plural
registro	First person Singular
mobilitzaren	Third person Plural
fugírem	First person Plural
enregistressin	Third person Plural
escrius	Second person Singular
disseminareu	Second person Plural
marxen	Third person Plural
violada	None
ensenyen	Third person Plural
professionalitzat	None
esquitxant	None
exasperades	None
retallà	Third person Singular
fortificats	None
gravà	Third person Singular
finalitzaren	Third person Plural
actuaven	Third person Plural
trucà	Third person Singular
descentralitzant	None
interrompien	Third person Plural
col·leccionada	None
augmentats	None
plego	First person Singular
doblant	None
dejunar	None
magnetitzada	None
estaques	Second person Singular
conquistes	Second person Singular
personificant	None
guarit	None
saltaran	Third person Plural
vigilada	None
ensenyant	None
canvio	First person Singular
pequen	Third person Plural
aliats	None
incrementarà	Third person Singular
embenades	None
consultaren	Third person Plural
funcionaren	Third person Plural
fotogravada	None
habitat	None
esteu	Second person Plural
enyoràreu	Second person Plural
servirà	Third person Singular
caldran	Third person Plural
rodà	Third person Singular
participaren	Third person Plural
agitat	None
imprimiren	Third person Plural
citen	Third person Plural
emigraren	Third person Plural
actualitzo	First person Singular
confeccionaven	Third person Plural
provocareu	Second person Plural
trigat	None
abdicaries	Second person Singular
baixen	Third person Plural
interpretarà	Third person Singular
presten	Third person Plural
tanques	Second person Singular
refinades	None
constituiran	Third person Plural
cuidessin	Third person Plural
cultivaven	Third person Plural
roncat	None
plaus	Second person Singular
admeteren	Third person Plural
impossibilitaren	Third person Plural
interromprà	Third person Singular
pactis	Second person Singular
permetien	Third person Plural
concebrà	Third person Singular
desembarquessin	Third person Plural
oblidaren	Third person Plural
anticiparen	Third person Plural
elaborant	None
exasperàvem	First person Plural
sintetitzaren	Third person Plural
finalitzà	Third person Singular
laborar	None
ajudaven	Third person Plural
gravéssim	First person Plural
filtrar	None
ronronejar	None
submergir	None
justifiquéssiu	Second person Plural
reien	Third person Plural
llavats	None
estandarditzà	Third person Singular
revelaran	Third person Plural
davallis	Second person Singular
mirat	None
vine	Second person Singular
publiquessin	Third person Plural
retent	None
cregué	Third person Singular
lloaven	Third person Plural
alleugeraves	Second person Singular
duren	Third person Plural
actualitzen	Third person Plural
venim	First person Plural
disputaràs	Second person Singular
plantà	Third person Singular
regalaran	Third person Plural
vindreu	Second person Plural
ofegaren	Third person Plural
restaren	Third person Plural
suïciden	Third person Plural
requerien	Third person Plural
harmonitzen	Third person Plural
relaxades	None
ordenaven	Third person Plural
persuadides	None
marxaven	Third person Plural
crèiem	First person Plural
enfondre	None
parteixen	Third person Plural
xiulen	Third person Plural
desenvoluparan	Third person Plural
apareguéreu	Second person Plural
assimilessin	Third person Plural
perit	None
podats	None
sonat	None
recuperarien	Third person Plural
centren	Third person Plural
resen	Third person Plural
habitessin	Third person Plural
gesticular	None
crucificat	None
aprofitat	None
ploraven	Third person Plural
encadenada	None
fragmentaries	Second person Singular
badallada	None
donéssiu	Second person Plural
reaparèixer	None
capitulessis	Second person Singular
guerrejades	None
alcen	Third person Plural
ploure	None
definits	None
beles	Second person Singular
encalcen	Third person Plural
traïen	Third person Plural
creats	None
desenvolupen	Third person Plural
podien	Third person Plural
vedessin	Third person Plural
tardis	Second person Singular
recuperada	None
corregien	Third person Plural
criticaré	First person Singular
presidireu	Second person Plural
decidits	None
llegirem	First person Plural
reto	First person Singular
prosperada	None
interpretes	Second person Singular
raspallàvem	First person Plural
boxada	None
empitjoraríem	First person Plural
cometé	Third person Singular
deixis	Second person Singular
mugit	None
xafarotegis	Second person Singular
entres	Second person Singular
seguissin	Third person Plural
narrada	None
edito	First person Singular
sonar	None
llavaries	Second person Singular
sincronitzà	Third person Singular
proporcionar	None
encunyà	Third person Singular
originessin	Third person Plural
renuncio	First person Singular
debilitis	Second person Singular
fonc	First person Singular
poblades	None
consultada	None
renovà	Third person Singular
saquejar	None
pares	Second person Singular
intentat	None
vencerien	Third person Plural
originaran	Third person Plural
ululaven	Third person Plural
rovellades	None
torturada	None
trobessis	Second person Singular
sotmetent	None
restaurades	None
vomitada	None
envairies	Second person Singular
registraren	Third person Plural
adopten	Third person Plural
descobrien	Third person Plural
reconcilià	Third person Singular
preferiren	Third person Plural
anomenà	Third person Singular
contaminant	None
desitges	Second person Singular
allunyen	Third person Plural
xipollejada	None
patissin	Third person Plural
refusat	None
capolant	None
estalviarem	First person Plural
desmilitaritzades	None
xuclat	None
ubicarien	Third person Plural
matareu	Second person Plural
llegàveu	Second person Plural
compensà	Third person Singular
culminà	Third person Singular
semblant	None
velaritzant	None
refrescarem	First person Plural
governaven	Third person Plural
intitulen	Third person Plural
somien	Third person Plural
neutralitzats	None
determinen	Third person Plural
seient	None
roncant	None
llogà	Third person Singular
comprovà	Third person Singular
revenen	Third person Plural
aixecà	Third person Singular
prohibiren	Third person Plural
animessin	Third person Plural
pal·liats	None
explicareu	Second person Plural
denuncio	First person Singular
guiant	None
completant	None
assabentades	None
suplantaren	Third person Plural
unit	None
ferirà	Third person Singular
planejàrem	First person Plural
creguis	Second person Singular
retornaríem	First person Plural
tractaven	Third person Plural
integren	Third person Plural
educarien	Third person Plural
llevades	None
obtinc	First person Singular
trobàrem	First person Plural
evitarien	Third person Plural
barallessin	Third person Plural
insultaven	Third person Plural
frenessin	Third person Plural
rebel·léssiu	Second person Plural
lluitades	None
congelats	None
examines	Second person Singular
negociats	None
agonitzo	First person Singular
imaginaven	Third person Plural
pentinen	Third person Plural
concentraríem	First person Plural
assolis	Second person Singular
creixis	Second person Singular
estiren	Third person Plural
sotmetien	Third person Plural
infiltraren	Third person Plural
castres	Second person Singular
estirant	None
compilen	Third person Plural
educaven	Third person Plural
afegissis	Second person Singular
resoldrien	Third person Plural
rebaixaven	Third person Plural
executaren	Third person Plural
coneixes	Second person Singular
contagiaran	Third person Plural
marxaré	First person Singular
capficar	None
tibares	Second person Singular
sentiren	Third person Plural
gaudeixo	First person Singular
encunyar	None
alimentades	None
convençut	None
classificarem	First person Plural
reconeixem	First person Plural
robaren	Third person Plural
desprès	None
adormir	None
deduïdes	None
envií	First person Singular
calcificats	None
tortures	Second person Singular
surts	Second person Singular
soldaré	First person Singular
emmascararàs	Second person Singular
atorgà	Third person Singular
observaven	Third person Plural
durà	Third person Singular
subjectives	Second person Singular
cullis	Second person Singular
naturalitzant	None
acceleraven	Third person Plural
aprenent	None
desodorada	None
iniciaven	Third person Plural
traslladaven	Third person Plural
insultada	None
abraço	First person Singular
conduir	None
difongué	Third person Singular
esmento	First person Singular
torturessin	Third person Plural
conjugades	None
dono	First person Singular
reformades	None
consistien	Third person Plural
arrendant	None
arresten	Third person Plural
rotaven	Third person Plural
cultivades	None
assimilat	None
avorrides	None
saludaré	First person Singular
demostrarien	Third person Plural
trinxada	None
deixarà	Third person Singular
comando	First person Singular
dificultàvem	First person Plural
especialitzades	None
partit	None
portaven	Third person Plural
mutí	First person Singular
entendrien	Third person Plural
acostada	None
xiularíeu	Second person Plural
inauguraven	Third person Plural
associat	None
simplifiquis	Second person Singular
mesclen	Third person Plural
fundaran	Third person Plural
grapejats	None
contemplaren	Third person Plural
incorporo	First person Singular
reunirien	Third person Plural
acollissin	Third person Plural
deposis	Second person Singular
alterar	None
callen	Third person Plural
fusionats	None
entretenir	None
recomptar	None
distanciades	None
inventà	Third person Singular
arreglada	None
degut	None
salares	Second person Singular
coles	Second person Singular
indignada	None
vivíem	First person Plural
emmascarar	None
respecto	First person Singular
apoderarien	Third person Plural
seuran	Third person Plural
vociferarien	Third person Plural
mourien	Third person Plural
representes	Second person Singular
ballessin	Third person Plural
notaries	Second person Singular
rotis	Second person Singular
prohibirà	Third person Singular
associarà	Third person Singular
exerciran	Third person Plural
dates	Second person Singular
embriagant	None
parlàvem	First person Plural
aportis	Second person Singular
segellarà	Third person Singular
considerades	None
poguéssiu	Second person Plural
creessis	Second person Singular
recuperar	None
identificaven	Third person Plural
recorregut	None
sobrevisquessin	Third person Plural
preveig	First person Singular
entendran	Third person Plural
aterraven	Third person Plural
simplificaries	Second person Singular
reorganitzen	Third person Plural
gelarem	First person Plural
atribuïssin	Third person Plural
refonen	Third person Plural
conquerissin	Third person Plural
aixecar	None
entris	Second person Singular
diríem	First person Plural
corroir	None
resolguessin	Third person Plural
pujaven	Third person Plural
barbaran	Third person Plural
batallàrem	First person Plural
construirien	Third person Plural
registris	Second person Singular
instaurats	None
pastures	Second person Singular
basaran	Third person Plural
percebre	None
aplaudeixen	Third person Plural
componguessin	Third person Plural
comptarien	Third person Plural
pretendries	Second person Singular
oblidaran	Third person Plural
arguïts	None
esterilitzen	Third person Plural
flairí	First person Singular
paren	Third person Plural
patien	Third person Plural
combatut	None
oblidaven	Third person Plural
acostaran	Third person Plural
vacil·len	Third person Plural
anglicitzant	None
resultaven	Third person Plural
heretà	Third person Singular
denominades	None
llepat	None
desbordaven	Third person Plural
redactaven	Third person Plural
refondràs	Second person Singular
disperso	First person Singular
paguen	Third person Plural
estimes	Second person Singular
contenen	Third person Plural
protagonitzarà	Third person Singular
diagnosticà	Third person Singular
plac	First person Singular
convertirien	Third person Plural
tinguis	Second person Singular
agradades	None
acorralessin	Third person Plural
mogué	Third person Singular
requerissin	Third person Plural
aidis	Second person Singular
animaven	Third person Plural
bastissin	Third person Plural
expressaves	Second person Singular
traumatitzada	None
exigint	None
esquitxada	None
pereixo	First person Singular
guarissin	Third person Plural
alienes	Second person Singular
completéssiu	Second person Plural
abdicaríeu	Second person Plural
coronessin	Third person Plural
naufragades	None
encreuen	Third person Plural
lliguessin	Third person Plural
accedirà	Third person Singular
retirarem	First person Plural
designessin	Third person Plural
abandonaves	Second person Singular
truquí	First person Singular
copiarà	Third person Singular
humanitzéssiu	Second person Plural
guanyaríem	First person Plural
contractada	None
celebris	Second person Singular
traduíssiu	Second person Plural
oblidessin	Third person Plural
enviïs	Second person Singular
desenvoluparà	Third person Singular
prengueu	Second person Plural
eliminaven	Third person Plural
pensareu	Second person Plural
privatitzat	None
instauren	Third person Plural
cometrà	Third person Singular
reviscolà	Third person Singular
accelerant	None
soterrada	None
estereotiparan	Third person Plural
entraríem	First person Plural
pixis	Second person Singular
guerrejà	Third person Singular
naturalitzades	None
contindrien	Third person Plural
aconsellaren	Third person Plural
esmenen	Third person Plural
materialitzaren	Third person Plural
centris	Second person Singular
pensats	None
conjugaven	Third person Plural
mereixéssiu	Second person Plural
canviaran	Third person Plural
estereotipaven	Third person Plural
desplaçaven	Third person Plural
bategessin	Third person Plural
assegurat	None
pacto	First person Singular
inicialitzàvem	First person Plural
toleraven	Third person Plural
inscrigué	Third person Singular
governada	None
destruiran	Third person Plural
allargada	None
oferissin	Third person Plural
banyo	First person Singular
condicionéssiu	Second person Plural
extingeixen	Third person Plural
preguntats	None
divinitzades	None
originades	None
barallen	Third person Plural
orinéssim	First person Plural
organitzarien	Third person Plural
detectessin	Third person Plural
italianitzada	None
calcularà	Third person Singular
eludida	None
accelerà	Third person Singular
imaginàreu	Second person Plural
avançarà	Third person Singular
balançaven	Third person Plural
encalçades	None
camines	Second person Singular
cancel·laren	Third person Plural
anomenarà	Third person Singular
oblidada	None
restauraves	Second person Singular
acordar	None
apologitzar	None
alletant	None
comptaran	Third person Plural
guanyarà	Third person Singular
impedissin	Third person Plural
penalitzada	None
adorats	None
exhalen	Third person Plural
magnetitzar	None
mostressin	Third person Plural
matarà	Third person Singular
usen	Third person Plural
crides	Second person Singular
agregaven	Third person Plural
pelis	Second person Singular
circumnavegats	None
sofrirà	Third person Singular
trenes	Second person Singular
recomençares	Second person Singular
arrissades	None
dialogues	Second person Singular
mantingueu	Second person Plural
balcanitzàrem	First person Plural
expliquen	Third person Plural
provindrien	Third person Plural
anticipades	None
progressen	Third person Plural
elegiren	Third person Plural
identificats	None
simplifiquen	Third person Plural
oïda	None
acompanyà	Third person Singular
consultar	None
evaporarien	Third person Plural
renuncien	Third person Plural
toco	First person Singular
estalvien	Third person Plural
guanyats	None
elimines	Second person Singular
rebaixà	Third person Singular
produint	None
sabràs	Second person Singular
hiberno	First person Singular
apel·lat	None
entrevistarà	Third person Singular
inhalaré	First person Singular
dirimint	None
corprenen	Third person Plural
vinculen	Third person Plural
renovo	First person Singular
reforcí	First person Singular
desaparegueren	Third person Plural
entusiasmat	None
metastatitzat	None
cuidàveu	Second person Plural
nevades	None
mancà	Third person Singular
danyarà	Third person Singular
atacaran	Third person Plural
agrupà	Third person Singular
relacionats	None
rascant	None
laïcitzant	None
proposis	Second person Singular
orientalitzes	Second person Singular
balançada	None
transliterat	None
modulo	First person Singular
patirem	First person Plural
relaxant	None
pasteuritzat	None
faltà	Third person Singular
localitzarà	Third person Singular
evolucionaren	Third person Plural
ulularies	Second person Singular
abandones	Second person Singular
suprimíssim	First person Plural
humanitzares	Second person Singular
capolar	None
rovellada	None
deposessin	Third person Plural
apoderada	None
suspengué	Third person Singular
originarien	Third person Plural
dirà	Third person Singular
esmenàreu	Second person Plural
economitzades	None
secretes	Second person Singular
rebudes	None
nogudes	None
actuaren	Third person Plural
començaré	First person Singular
aprendrà	Third person Singular
causessin	Third person Plural
transferissin	Third person Plural
accedeixen	Third person Plural
crucificades	None
renovarien	Third person Plural
limitaven	Third person Plural
pagaran	Third person Plural
alegro	First person Singular
corromput	None
pruo	First person Singular
batis	Second person Singular
calmaries	Second person Singular
vigilarien	Third person Plural
s'assegué	Third person Singular
recuperà	Third person Singular
mirats	None
diferenciarien	Third person Plural
donis	Second person Singular
graduen	Third person Plural
armat	None
emetrien	Third person Plural
llençats	None
rebotí	First person Singular
acórrer	None
generalitzar	None
interrompen	Third person Plural
impulsaren	Third person Plural
armaven	Third person Plural
intervindran	Third person Plural
conqueriren	Third person Plural
fragmentades	None
visites	Second person Singular
dissolien	Third person Plural
islamitzant	None
cessades	None
colpegessin	Third person Plural
signares	Second person Singular
datis	Second person Singular
comparares	Second person Singular
enfrontat	None
subjectivada	None
collit	None
termines	Second person Singular
sabran	Third person Plural
domtats	None
acusarien	Third person Plural
tingueren	Third person Plural
cremà	Third person Singular
reflectits	None
aïnes	Second person Singular
desencadenarà	Third person Singular
sacrifiquen	Third person Plural
retornen	Third person Plural
prestaran	Third person Plural
destacarem	First person Plural
perpetrada	None
adreçaven	Third person Plural
denominarà	Third person Singular
asseguressin	Third person Plural
rotà	Third person Singular
col·laboraríeu	Second person Plural
reten	Third person Plural
denominat	None
entrevistar	None
acusà	Third person Singular
daurat	None
islamitzades	None
sobrevivint	None
empitjorar	None
plantarem	First person Plural
robarà	Third person Singular
dibuixo	First person Singular
pesessin	Third person Plural
heus	Second person Singular
fusionessin	Third person Plural
prometien	Third person Plural
orbitat	None
ballaven	Third person Plural
assassinà	Third person Singular
esclafà	Third person Singular
difamar	None
creo	First person Singular
espantaves	Second person Singular
cremaren	Third person Plural
involucris	Second person Singular
injecten	Third person Plural
celebraven	Third person Plural
substituiran	Third person Plural
degradaran	Third person Plural
sorprenien	Third person Plural
compartits	None
carregarien	Third person Plural
halo	First person Singular
cuidarà	Third person Singular
acabis	Second person Singular
seduïts	None
gravarem	First person Plural
desenvoluparen	Third person Plural
emprengué	Third person Singular
mengis	Second person Singular
danyí	First person Singular
apostaren	Third person Plural
ballàvem	First person Plural
barrejaren	Third person Plural
gires	Second person Singular
hipnotitzades	None
silencio	First person Singular
brindà	Third person Singular
decebuts	None
causaran	Third person Plural
treure	None
col·locaran	Third person Plural
castris	Second person Singular
excretant	None
atacar	None
cantà	Third person Singular
suquejant	None
embruten	Third person Plural
fugissin	Third person Plural
refutà	Third person Singular
negociades	None
pelar	None
disposo	First person Singular
agradant	None
buscaran	Third person Plural
refugiaven	Third person Plural
evitaríem	First person Plural
descentralitzis	Second person Singular
dedico	First person Singular
despertades	None
enganxant	None
orbitarien	Third person Plural
compondrà	Third person Singular
assequéssim	First person Plural
acudiren	Third person Plural
dispararen	Third person Plural
movíeu	Second person Plural
acompanyarà	Third person Singular
especialitzis	Second person Singular
compensessis	Second person Singular
creixen	Third person Plural
barbares	Second person Singular
residien	Third person Plural
simulà	Third person Singular
entès	None
copies	Second person Singular
elegeixen	Third person Plural
estirada	None
barbar	None
generàveu	Second person Plural
desplaçarien	Third person Plural
concentrarem	First person Plural
comprenguessin	Third person Plural
reviscolat	None
conjugat	None
vetllaven	Third person Plural
reconeixen	Third person Plural
destil·len	Third person Plural
designes	Second person Singular
travessarien	Third person Plural
triomfarà	Third person Singular
analitzada	None
xocaren	Third person Plural
refusades	None
realitzant	None
banyaven	Third person Plural
exploraran	Third person Plural
imposats	None
guiaran	Third person Plural
violen	Third person Plural
trillarem	First person Plural
afegeixen	Third person Plural
amputats	None
faltaven	Third person Plural
desapareixien	Third person Plural
porten	Third person Plural
saltarem	First person Plural
evaporar	None
simplificàveu	Second person Plural
actualitzaven	Third person Plural
datarien	Third person Plural
propaguen	Third person Plural
sacsejat	None
firmarà	Third person Singular
qüestionà	Third person Singular
sumes	Second person Singular
fusionada	None
apoderà	Third person Singular
cruixires	Second person Singular
banyada	None
proposar	None
vengué	Third person Singular
accelerada	None
transformarien	Third person Plural
nevarà	Third person Singular
privat	None
robis	Second person Singular
debutarà	Third person Singular
desapareguessin	Third person Plural
reflexionades	None
triguessin	Third person Plural
alliberarà	Third person Singular
alies	Second person Singular
alçades	None
introduïda	None
pujat	None
contradeien	Third person Plural
centrà	Third person Singular
divulguessis	Second person Singular
instauraren	Third person Plural
il·luminar	None
gustades	None
indicades	None
coneixen	Third person Plural
aixequen	Third person Plural
contaminar	None
barbant	None
baté	Third person Singular
beguí	First person Singular
causaren	Third person Plural
boicotejà	Third person Singular
vencen	Third person Plural
compilaven	Third person Plural
manllevarà	Third person Singular
coincidirien	Third person Plural
edificar	None
separarien	Third person Plural
interessaren	Third person Plural
encarregaven	Third person Plural
renillar	None
catalanitzat	None
dispersen	Third person Plural
soldà	Third person Singular
raspallada	None
entrenarà	Third person Singular
significarà	Third person Singular
caracteritzéssiu	Second person Plural
eixiren	Third person Plural
derrotant	None
jurada	None
merceritzaràs	Second person Singular
arribaren	Third person Plural
comentes	Second person Singular
consideraran	Third person Plural
derivarà	Third person Singular
expulsarien	Third person Plural
consagrant	None
reveriran	Third person Plural
ubicant	None
simulada	None
discutirem	First person Plural
aïnant	None
comandats	None
perillada	None
supliquen	Third person Plural
transmigrades	None
imposessin	Third person Plural
portaré	First person Singular
badallat	None
canten	Third person Plural
sexada	None
velaritzada	None
filtrada	None
replicats	None
impedeixen	Third person Plural
esclafaren	Third person Plural
suplicaven	Third person Plural
instaurada	None
carregaren	Third person Plural
immigressin	Third person Plural
abraçaren	Third person Plural
trobis	Second person Singular
empenyent	None
emplenen	Third person Plural
prendrien	Third person Plural
extraient	None
immigrat	None
baixada	None
reps	Second person Singular
decretaven	Third person Plural
aprofitant	None
afegiré	First person Singular
retén	Second person Singular
pessigaran	Third person Plural
apostada	None
recorrerem	First person Plural
comprovo	First person Singular
recordats	None
discuteixen	Third person Plural
inclouré	First person Singular
confiant	None
completarà	Third person Singular
resolen	Third person Plural
coexistiran	Third person Plural
diguéssiu	Second person Plural
follis	Second person Singular
eixit	None
remeiéssim	First person Plural
traslladarà	Third person Singular
ubicarà	Third person Singular
portat	None
duraries	Second person Singular
ajudaries	Second person Singular
provà	Third person Singular
relatat	None
orbità	Third person Singular
fotis	Second person Singular
exhalar	None
vexant	None
halant	None
ofengué	Third person Singular
fabriquéssiu	Second person Plural
aprovada	None
empènyer	None
recorrerien	Third person Plural
amenaçaren	Third person Plural
motivarà	Third person Singular
llençarien	Third person Plural
escollint	None
plagut	None
guanyà	Third person Singular
dibuixes	Second person Singular
evitis	Second person Singular
veurà	Third person Singular
retut	None
suportades	None
adaptà	Third person Singular
intimiden	Third person Plural
extingíreu	Second person Plural
marco	First person Singular
tasten	Third person Plural
esclaten	Third person Plural
decidírem	First person Plural
ensordits	None
plantis	Second person Singular
contenien	Third person Plural
exigien	Third person Plural
aproximen	Third person Plural
vulgues	Second person Singular
rodades	None
estudiades	None
imposen	Third person Plural
eduquí	First person Singular
venguessin	Third person Plural
abolien	Third person Plural
orar	None
debutada	None
persuadeixen	Third person Plural
relatarà	Third person Singular
confiessin	Third person Plural
presentarem	First person Plural
detingueren	Third person Plural
titubejats	None
esternudaríem	First person Plural
llençat	None
protagonitzessin	Third person Plural
notada	None
americanitzo	First person Singular
laïcitzats	None
adorno	First person Singular
prestà	Third person Singular
aglutinada	None
destacat	None
recordes	Second person Singular
subornats	None
iniciant	None
sumí	First person Singular
ridiculitzen	Third person Plural
pertanyerien	Third person Plural
rendirà	Third person Singular
creuarien	Third person Plural
beneficiades	None
seleccionat	None
reunida	None
exiliat	None
conclogueren	Third person Plural
retornà	Third person Singular
distingirem	First person Plural
romandrà	Third person Singular
creuaven	Third person Plural
emprades	None
civilitzant	None
detinguessin	Third person Plural
arriscà	Third person Singular
manaven	Third person Plural
saludo	First person Singular
adonis	Second person Singular
desaven	Third person Plural
endevinats	None
decretaren	Third person Plural
hàgim	First person Plural
halada	None
compliríem	First person Plural
destinada	None
dupliquessin	Third person Plural
rascar	None
ferres	Second person Singular
envellir	None
estiguis	Second person Singular
enllestides	None
afirmarien	Third person Plural
narro	First person Singular
veuen	Third person Plural
voten	Third person Plural
aconseguirem	First person Plural
jugaran	Third person Plural
refugiaren	Third person Plural
col·laboraré	First person Singular
competits	None
eliminaran	Third person Plural
refugiessin	Third person Plural
ajudes	Second person Singular
protestada	None
investigat	None
relaxà	Third person Singular
comptada	None
estudià	Third person Singular
deliran	Third person Plural
inutilitzàrem	First person Plural
beneficien	Third person Plural
cobrar	None
paríssim	First person Plural
consistint	None
concorregué	Third person Singular
respectar	None
heretaran	Third person Plural
caçaven	Third person Plural
animaren	Third person Plural
pujarien	Third person Plural
centres	Second person Singular
ajudada	None
ventilaven	Third person Plural
canvien	Third person Plural
anticipaven	Third person Plural
memoritzats	None
esmenades	None
expulsats	None
preveuen	Third person Plural
inspiraren	Third person Plural
convidà	Third person Singular
emprats	None
esperades	None
perceben	Third person Plural
arribaríem	First person Plural
mossegà	Third person Singular
familiaritzessin	Third person Plural
alternades	None
facilitarien	Third person Plural
consolidarà	Third person Singular
aconseguirien	Third person Plural
manifestéssiu	Second person Plural
xiulats	None
reuniré	First person Singular
negada	None
descentralitzes	Second person Singular
desenvolupo	First person Singular
salten	Third person Plural
jugaries	Second person Singular
moc	First person Singular
compensades	None
esmentant	None
suspenen	Third person Plural
volgudes	None
canto	First person Singular
manades	None
escornessis	Second person Singular
barallaren	Third person Plural
esdevingueren	Third person Plural
decidien	Third person Plural
dominaré	First person Singular
necessitaven	Third person Plural
anomenaríem	First person Plural
velaritzades	None
creuades	None
eclipsis	Second person Singular
demolir	None
perdonaran	Third person Plural
allunyaven	Third person Plural
professionalitzar	None
enyorada	None
irrità	Third person Singular
intensificar	None
enfocaren	Third person Plural
destripant	None
inaugurat	None
trobarien	Third person Plural
cobririen	Third person Plural
dependran	Third person Plural
escorren	Third person Plural
enfonent	None
envellida	None
abominant	None
perdono	First person Singular
defensaran	Third person Plural
rebre	None
infiltraràs	Second person Singular
sortint	None
desembarques	Second person Singular
refusaren	Third person Plural
iniciaren	Third person Plural
jauen	Third person Plural
detindrà	Third person Singular
intervenien	Third person Plural
suquejats	None
volarà	Third person Singular
detindran	Third person Plural
sagnen	Third person Plural
conec	First person Singular
introduirem	First person Plural
falsegen	Third person Plural
continuaré	First person Singular
vengueren	Third person Plural
correspongué	Third person Singular
extraiem	First person Plural
atemptant	None
diagnosticada	None
botran	Third person Plural
torcé	Third person Singular
inutilitzaren	Third person Plural
trenar	None
guanyaríeu	Second person Plural
aconsellats	None
uniformat	None
tardí	First person Singular
cerní	First person Singular
simbolitzarà	Third person Singular
embolicàreu	Second person Plural
encarrego	First person Singular
faltarien	Third person Plural
revenjarem	First person Plural
exploressin	Third person Plural
pudissis	Second person Singular
negociant	None
torçaren	Third person Plural
coincidien	Third person Plural
marquen	Third person Plural
diràs	Second person Singular
complint	None
conjuguis	Second person Singular
juressin	Third person Plural
vedí	First person Singular
dimeritzades	None
mantenim	First person Plural
llogades	None
imagino	First person Singular
esdevinguda	None
animalitzes	Second person Singular
danyada	None
reemplaçat	None
practicat	None
acostes	Second person Singular
verifiquessin	Third person Plural
refugiades	None
obtenen	Third person Plural
coordinaran	Third person Plural
provo	First person Singular
conceptualitzen	Third person Plural
conclourà	Third person Singular
cercarà	Third person Singular
manipularíeu	Second person Plural
derrotessin	Third person Plural
xiuxiuejaven	Third person Plural
posats	None
necessitis	Second person Singular
danyar	None
aproximessin	Third person Plural
indicaren	Third person Plural
simbolitzades	None
oïts	None
suïcidà	Third person Singular
raucaríeu	Second person Plural
inspiraven	Third person Plural
discutiren	Third person Plural
reverberats	None
esmicolar	None
relates	Second person Singular
diversifiquen	Third person Plural
preferiré	First person Singular
respondrien	Third person Plural
traspassaren	Third person Plural
fots	Second person Singular
capficats	None
practicats	None
incrementades	None
solucionà	Third person Singular
concentrarien	Third person Plural
garantides	None
transformant	None
dictessin	Third person Plural
subministraràs	Second person Singular
abdicant	None
tacada	None
amplio	First person Singular
extrapolen	Third person Plural
dubto	First person Singular
narraven	Third person Plural
guanyat	None
proclamaven	Third person Plural
dispersaren	Third person Plural
familiaritzarem	First person Plural
detectà	Third person Singular
modificà	Third person Singular
dauren	Third person Plural
barrejaran	Third person Plural
catalitzar	None
lamentà	Third person Singular
iniciarien	Third person Plural
frenàveu	Second person Plural
recuperen	Third person Plural
xiularà	Third person Singular
contraatacarien	Third person Plural
vulcanitzaven	Third person Plural
transcriure	None
modelareu	Second person Plural
sortides	None
proclamen	Third person Plural
digeriríeu	Second person Plural
pertanyerà	Third person Singular
emancipades	None
tolíem	First person Plural
engolien	Third person Plural
reconeixes	Second person Singular
calguessin	Third person Plural
carreguí	First person Singular
abominats	None
secretats	None
rebutjarà	Third person Singular
assolen	Third person Plural
amaré	First person Singular
manquessin	Third person Plural
decretes	Second person Singular
relaxada	None
privaves	Second person Singular
crucificats	None
lateralitzada	None
designarien	Third person Plural
estripà	Third person Singular
personificada	None
cuejades	None
alternaven	Third person Plural
balançat	None
martiritzarem	First person Plural
ensenyades	None
arrendaven	Third person Plural
encalçà	Third person Singular
solucionàvem	First person Plural
folraven	Third person Plural
portes	Second person Singular
capturessin	Third person Plural
penjarà	Third person Singular
perfeccionades	None
prohibissin	Third person Plural
recorregueren	Third person Plural
absolc	First person Singular
inhumar	None
sostenim	First person Plural
lexicalitzada	None
competeixen	Third person Plural
fregint	None
pasturades	None
formo	First person Singular
comprenc	First person Singular
ponen	Third person Plural
penar	None
inscrivien	Third person Plural
fornejar	None
encaixessin	Third person Plural
agregà	Third person Singular
amaren	Third person Plural
intentàveu	Second person Plural
ionitzats	None
estalvio	First person Singular
consistides	None
exploten	Third person Plural
combatrien	Third person Plural
assolà	Third person Singular
alliberant	None
requereixen	Third person Plural
mortificats	None
canvià	Third person Singular
coincidiran	Third person Plural
graduà	Third person Singular
duraran	Third person Plural
oposar	None
saltareu	Second person Plural
suposaren	Third person Plural
renuncià	Third person Singular
puc	First person Singular
resolgué	Third person Singular
alegraven	Third person Plural
bombejat	None
divorciaven	Third person Plural
disminuiran	Third person Plural
inspirà	Third person Singular
retindrien	Third person Plural
raonades	None
treballareu	Second person Plural
pujaran	Third person Plural
cuejaries	Second person Singular
restringirà	Third person Singular
tapada	None
revoltes	Second person Singular
deixarem	First person Plural
determinessin	Third person Plural
gaudiren	Third person Plural
jec	First person Singular
alfabetitzar	None
tries	Second person Singular
organitzaren	Third person Plural
especifiquessin	Third person Plural
acusarà	Third person Singular
rentis	Second person Singular
emetí	First person Singular
rompien	Third person Plural
tapà	Third person Singular
indignes	Second person Singular
corregits	None
inicialitzar	None
beatificats	None
centrats	None
evolucionaran	Third person Plural
alçat	None
simulaven	Third person Plural
tremolà	Third person Singular
usà	Third person Singular
esbotifarrar	None
cobren	Third person Plural
constà	Third person Singular
provar	None
passejaven	Third person Plural
protestes	Second person Singular
votaré	First person Singular
pal·liada	None
onejat	None
emigrar	None
compliran	Third person Plural
convidaren	Third person Plural
cerques	Second person Singular
perfeccionaré	First person Singular
menjats	None
dissenyant	None
col·locar	None
assabentaren	Third person Plural
immolat	None
guardaran	Third person Plural
crearen	Third person Plural
veient-se	None
apostaven	Third person Plural
comptabilitzen	Third person Plural
dispersareu	Second person Plural
necessiten	Third person Plural
viatgen	Third person Plural
forçaren	Third person Plural
teméssiu	Second person Plural
morissin	Third person Plural
relacionades	None
promouen	Third person Plural
violo	First person Singular
lletrejant	None
fotografià	Third person Singular
untarà	Third person Singular
xuclessin	Third person Plural
divorciarien	Third person Plural
afavoririen	Third person Plural
cremarà	Third person Singular
assumirien	Third person Plural
viatges	Second person Singular
registraran	Third person Plural
lluitaran	Third person Plural
reclamar	None
lluito	First person Singular
desplaçaren	Third person Plural
barallaves	Second person Singular
calculat	None
pintaren	Third person Plural
materialitzat	None
contradir	None
boxat	None
bullir	None
ignorada	None
pensaran	Third person Plural
aglutinaven	Third person Plural
crucificada	None
compondrien	Third person Plural
molestarà	Third person Singular
estaves	Second person Singular
assolint	None
responien	Third person Plural
encreuaven	Third person Plural
blindessin	Third person Plural
refugià	Third person Singular
cargolar	None
intervé	Third person Singular
representar	None
regressaran	Third person Plural
elevant	None
infoníeu	Second person Plural
exorcitzada	None
apareixen	Third person Plural
retiraran	Third person Plural
assaborides	None
espiaven	Third person Plural
mantenir	None
cusen	Third person Plural
esclatarà	Third person Singular
xocarà	Third person Singular
buscaré	First person Singular
desaprovat	None
comunico	First person Singular
esbotifarrades	None
assegut	None
creuaran	Third person Plural
integraríem	First person Plural
fabricant	None
armaren	Third person Plural
prevenint	None
massacrats	None
inscrigueres	Second person Singular
veuràs	Second person Singular
refregàvem	First person Plural
excel·lires	Second person Singular
trenada	None
domo	First person Singular
alegren	Third person Plural
signen	Third person Plural
concedir	None
viatjada	None
presentat	None
inclouríem	First person Plural
seleccionà	Third person Singular
llegaren	Third person Plural
degueren	Third person Plural
encalçaren	Third person Plural
reflexionen	Third person Plural
juris	Second person Singular
empren	Third person Plural
podes	Second person Singular
dominat	None
decapità	Third person Singular
lletrejada	None
dar	None
exiliaven	Third person Plural
nodrien	Third person Plural
nogué	Third person Singular
comencis	Second person Singular
actues	Second person Singular
confiarien	Third person Plural
embolicà	Third person Singular
digitalitzats	None
presenten	Third person Plural
efectuaven	Third person Plural
aixecarem	First person Plural
estengueren	Third person Plural
baixarien	Third person Plural
transmetrà	Third person Singular
penjà	Third person Singular
parant	None
seguirien	Third person Plural
saciaran	Third person Plural
sostinguts	None
intentaré	First person Singular
barbades	None
acampar	None
envejaràs	Second person Singular
efectuaran	Third person Plural
sumaren	Third person Plural
coordinà	Third person Singular
trigarem	First person Plural
corprendre	None
buidà	Third person Singular
ploris	Second person Singular
deuríem	First person Plural
curis	Second person Singular
elaboren	Third person Plural
ennuvolats	None
pentinades	None
dessalinitzada	None
brodaran	Third person Plural
incrementen	Third person Plural
adonaren	Third person Plural
assassino	First person Singular
degué	Third person Singular
travessaven	Third person Plural
sobrevolen	Third person Plural
escoltes	Second person Singular
acabaran	Third person Plural
dividit	None
revenint	None
esdevinguts	None
estiraven	Third person Plural
desenvolupes	Second person Singular
filtrades	None
corno	First person Singular
renunciàrem	First person Plural
faltarà	Third person Singular
llençà	Third person Singular
llegir	None
capitular	None
xoquen	Third person Plural
assecaren	Third person Plural
enterbolir	None
redactà	Third person Singular
desencadenaren	Third person Plural
originar	None
signaven	Third person Plural
salvarà	Third person Singular
recorrent	None
desbloquegen	Third person Plural
traslladessis	Second person Singular
domes	Second person Singular
costes	Second person Singular
colonitzéssiu	Second person Plural
il·luminaven	Third person Plural
atorgaven	Third person Plural
provenien	Third person Plural
transportarien	Third person Plural
sodomitzat	None
assassinats	None
arribarien	Third person Plural
experimento	First person Singular
disseminéssiu	Second person Plural
restaurada	None
mantingué	Third person Singular
represa	None
penant	None
rient	None
fundessin	Third person Plural
conclòs	None
domats	None
enxamparan	Third person Plural
reverenciat	None
requeríem	First person Plural
desplaçarem	First person Plural
reflexionaren	Third person Plural
mecanitzant	None
congelà	Third person Singular
acabessis	Second person Singular
dicten	Third person Plural
trobaré	First person Singular
da	Third person Singular
ingressà	Third person Singular
danyades	None
ensenyaren	Third person Plural
doblaven	Third person Plural
excediren	Third person Plural
il·lustraran	Third person Plural
sorgint	None
pixen	Third person Plural
acudint	None
prioritzar	None
extingiran	Third person Plural
estiraves	Second person Singular
pixada	None
pasturen	Third person Plural
adoptà	Third person Singular
assimilaven	Third person Plural
evitats	None
mataran	Third person Plural
quantifiquen	Third person Plural
realitzaren	Third person Plural
captivada	None
sospitessin	Third person Plural
concentrarà	Third person Singular
provaré	First person Singular
departir	None
fomentaven	Third person Plural
zigzaguegéssim	First person Plural
inicialitzades	None
refutaré	First person Singular
ballo	First person Singular
pogueren	Third person Plural
manaren	Third person Plural
vulcanitzat	None
modelant	None
determinades	None
seus	Second person Singular
assassinades	None
reelegiríem	First person Plural
mitigaré	First person Singular
indicà	Third person Singular
erigien	Third person Plural
massacrades	None
ensenyaré	First person Singular
cursaven	Third person Plural
omès	None
conduïssis	Second person Singular
enfrontarem	First person Plural
coneixien	Third person Plural
refreden	Third person Plural
declararien	Third person Plural
impedint	None
negaran	Third person Plural
subhastant	None
treno	First person Singular
concorrerà	Third person Singular
presidiren	Third person Plural
esmentis	Second person Singular
revoltada	None
encunyen	Third person Plural
afegeixo	First person Singular
salvat	None
considero	First person Singular
estalviaríeu	Second person Plural
tires	Second person Singular
embrutareu	Second person Plural
ballada	None
rebel·laven	Third person Plural
capturo	First person Singular
menyspreà	Third person Singular
dispersàrem	First person Plural
utilitzaré	First person Singular
emmascaràrem	First person Plural
alleugeriràs	Second person Singular
tardarà	Third person Singular
suggerissin	Third person Plural
retallades	None
funcionant	None
pagarà	Third person Singular
obrien	Third person Plural
perpetrà	Third person Singular
sotmetessin	Third person Plural
concentrada	None
lluitant	None
situant	None
bullint	None
vaporitzí	First person Singular
circumcidàveu	Second person Plural
narrant	None
tardaven	Third person Plural
satisfessin	Third person Plural
col·locarem	First person Plural
rebré	First person Singular
dato	First person Singular
tirotejades	None
perdonaren	Third person Plural
aproximàreu	Second person Plural
nous	Second person Singular
rescatessin	Third person Plural
arrendades	None
fusionarà	Third person Singular
penalitzarien	Third person Plural
assassinarà	Third person Singular
titubejàvem	First person Plural
adobes	Second person Singular
voltaren	Third person Plural
reaccionades	None
ajuden	Third person Plural
quedant	None
prohibires	Second person Singular
qüestionaren	Third person Plural
hagueu	Second person Plural
rimant	None
dejunaràs	Second person Singular
competissin	Third person Plural
allunyà	Third person Singular
dubtades	None
mostraren	Third person Plural
automatitzen	Third person Plural
normalitzen	Third person Plural
fluctuada	None
segreguen	Third person Plural
doblarà	Third person Singular
destacats	None
discutits	None
cooperaven	Third person Plural
eructat	None
boxades	None
estimessin	Third person Plural
destituït	None
jubilades	None
segellen	Third person Plural
esglaiats	None
observareu	Second person Plural
desembarcarien	Third person Plural
designant	None
il·lustres	Second person Singular
reiterades	None
militaritzat	None
visitaran	Third person Plural
caracteritzaven	Third person Plural
oposen	Third person Plural
conjunto	First person Singular
lloà	Third person Singular
